]So here I am, coming back to update my experience with the movement monitor.  My daughter was born prematurely, in late February, so we've been using the monitor for a little over 5 weeks now.  Hands down, this purchase was 100% worth it.  It has already potentially saved my child THREE times.  Over the course of having our baby at home, she has been in the crib since day 1.  Every time she is in the crib, the Angelcare monitor detects her movements (especially breathing) every time.  The "metronome" icon constantly moves to show she is breathing.  About one week ago, the alarm went off and my wife rushed into the nursery.  She didn't even check to see whether it was a false alarm.  She immediately scooped up our daughter to make sure she was OK.  A day later, the same thing happened, once again and my wife started doubting the movement monitor after the 2nd time, thinking it was broken due to "false alarms".  So I spent about an hour, doing the towel test again and checking the calibration on if it could detect movement.  I didn't see any issues and left the sensitivity alone.  The 3rd time that the alarm went off, I ran into the nursery, but instead of picking my daughter up, I gently shook her while she was in the crib.  Next thing I heard was a huge gasp coming from her lungs.  It was almost as if she was holding her breath.Since then, we haven't had an episode, but we are especially thankful that the Angelcare monitor was there to warn us... false alarm or not.]I'm an expectant father with about a month and a half to go before my baby is due.  Just like most parents, my wife and I went ahead and prepped the nursery with everything a typical nursery needs.  With that said, picking the monitor was the hardest decision we had to make.  We knew we wanted video, audio, movement, and temperature monitoring but we weren't sure which product to get.  Because my wife and I are going to be first time parents, we are extremely scared of SIDS.  We've done our research and decided against not only bumper pads, but we picked a firm mattress, an award-winning movement monitor, as well as the ability to see the temperature of the nursery (as it's been documented you don't want the baby to be too cold/too hot).  But it seems in the realm of SIDS, the only two major players at this time are Snuza and Angelcare.  The reason I leaned over to Angelcare is because it's stationary and there is no way it would "fall off your baby" like reviewers of the Snuza stated.  Plus the ability to monitor movement remotely via a remote parent unit allows you to move around the house instead of being near audible range of the Snuza.  Finally, my friends who both have had babies swore by the Angelcare movement monitor they bought a few years ago.  While I haven't ruled out the Snuza completely, I might buy one later on down the road for family vacations where we have to utilize a pack 'n play instead of a crib (in the event that the Angelcare is too hard to disassemble/reassemble).Unlike the brand my friends own, Angelcare offers newer solutions as well as an all-in-one solution via the Angelcare AC1100.  However, reviews of the AC1100 (around the Internet) said the video was just OK.  Many reviewers stated that the cheaper versions were better and to get a separate video monitor.  There are other versions, such as movement only (Angelcare Movement Only Monitor, White), the sound/movement without temperature (AC-201) and even the Deluxe Plus version with two pads and two parent units (Angelcare Movement and Sound Monitor Deluxe Plus, Auqa/White).  With the hefty price tag for the AC1100, we decided the best scenario would be to buy the best movement monitor separate from the best video monitor.  We ended up with the Samsung Sew- 3037 W Safeview Baby Monitor, Video Monitor, Sound Monitor and Angelcare Movement and Sound Monitor, Auqa/White.Setup was pretty easy.  Just be sure you follow the directions.  You place the sensor pad UNDER the mattress.  The instructions state that the pad must be on a solid/rigid surface when placed under the mattress (above the mattress support).  This will ensure it's working properly as well as reduce the amount of false alarms.  While Angelcare does sell a wooden support board, you can make your own.  My friends who have owned other versions used plywood and other reviewers from the Internet used everything from thick styrofoam, rigid cardboard, to masonite.  I had several pieces of masonite laying in my basement from a previous shelf project, so I ended up cutting me a 13 x 13 inch board.  The thickness of my masonite was 1/8th of an inch.I ran the cord and installed the cord kit per the instructions.  I plugged everything up, turned it on and started my testing.  Now for those of you curious or wondering about false alarms, I had the same questions on that and asked my friend directly.  My friend told me the key is to set the sensitivity to where you won't have false alarms (lowering the dial to lower numbers), but it's not so low where it never warns you.  He said to start with the default of 3 (the setting ranges from 1 - 5) and to test from there.  The manual says you use your hand and rub it across the mattress for testing purposes but the problem with that is that when detecting subtle movements (AKA a baby breathing), it requires more subtle testing.  Per my friend, you can test the movement monitor via "the towel test."  Simply take a hand towel and hold it up high enough to where the tip just touches the mattress.  When testing the sensitivity, just glide the tip of the towel across the surface of the mattress as well as the corners.  The purpose of this is to detect the baby breathing on all parts of the crib.  If the monitor can sense the tip of a towel gliding across the mattress, it is sensitive enough to detect the movement of a baby breathing.  All I can say is WOW.  I don't even know how this technology works ESPECIALLY since the pad is UNDER the mattress.  It detected even the slightest touch of the towel on the mattress as a verified "movement".  That's just crazy to me that something like this can detect that LITTLE movement.Other thoughts on this product are:1. The parent unit (the one that you carry around) comes with rechargeable batteries and a recharge station.  In the event that the batteries start losing their juice, you can always replace them.  The nursery unit also supports batteries, but not the rechargeable kind.  I went ahead and put batteries in that anyway because in the event of a power outage, it will still monitor my baby.  I can't tell you how many power outages I've had due to storms.  Although the nursery unit doesn't recharge batteries, it will warn you if the batteries are getting low.2. Temperature is one of the main reasons I chose this over the lower end model.  I want to make sure the nursery environment is perfect for my baby, so it's good that I can set low and high thresholds.  I was told by my pediatrician that between 68 and 72 degrees is optimal.  So I set my thresholds to exactly that.  It will even warn me when the temperature goes outside of that range.3. 3 ways to monitor: tic, sound, movement.3A. The tic feature is a metronome icon that moves when it detects any movement of your baby.  YOu have the option of hearing a "tic" sound everytime movement is detected.  When movement stops, it will stop "ticking" and the metronome will stop moving.  This is just to notify you.  It doesn't do anything else.3B. You can also monitor via sound.  Basically a sound monitor is like any other sound monitor.  You have the option of continual sound monitoring or to monitor sound when it detects sound.3C. Movement monitoring is basically the main functionality of the Angelcare unit.  This is what emits the alarm sound when there is no movement by the baby.  After 15 seconds, there is a loud beep stating that the baby hasn't moved for 15 seconds.  If by 20 seconds, the baby does not move, it will emit a continous beeping until you either turn off the unit, or you put the parent unit on HOLD or TEMPORARY MUTE. The difference is temporary mute lasts 2 minutes.  Hold will last indefinitely (but continuously beep at you every 60 seconds) to let you know it's on hold.4. Alerts can be set to vibrate, sound, or both (like your cell phone).Finally, as some of you may have known, Angelcare recently had a recall due to potential cord strangulation.  I contacted Angelcare and they stated that all NEW VERSIONS of their monitors will be labelled with an "A" after the model number on a white sticker located on the box.  This lets you know that this is the new version with the cord safety kit packed in the box.  I ended up buying mine from Amazon and can verify that mine is the new version.  If you don't have the new version, you can get the cord kit for free from Angelcare's website.  While this kit isn't necessary (only 2 deaths between 1999 to 2013) from over 600,000 units sold (a 0.0003% statistic), it is available if you want it.  If you don't use the kit, just make SURE SURE SURE, you pull slack from the cord away from the crib and secure it.  Use zip ties or something.  Use common sense!I'm still amazed by the functionality of the Angelcare monitor.  I know nothing guarantees you 100% against SIDS, but I'll do my best to make sure I've taken every precaution.  With my setup of both Samsung video and Angelcare movement (I use both sound functions on both monitors), I'm pretty confident I'm going guns blazing to do everything I can to make sure my baby is safe and monitored well.