We originally had a hand-me-down standalone high chair for our daughter.  I hated it - but it gave me an idea about what I really wanted in a chair, and I feel that this MiSwivel fits the bill exactly.  I love that it utilizes a dining chair - it just seems like it's not in the way like the other one was.  I did worry about my daughter falling forward, since the seat seems to sit very far to the front of the chair, but she seems stable and we've had no problems.Pros:1) The padding and straps are easy to clean.  We throw them in the wash about once a week, and air dry them (once my husband put the padding in the dryer, and it seemed to shrink.  It still fits, but a little tighter than before).  It doesn't take long at all for them to dry.2) The tray is very smooth to operate - snaps right into place and is easy to remove.  My daughter has not been able to pop it off with her knees, either, despite a lot of squirming and kicking.3) The tray is easy to clean - I have never put it in the dishwasher, but usually use a little dishsoap and the sprayer on my sink.4) The tray is big enough to keep her food contained (less mess on the floor), and now that she's 14 months old she can reach the cup holder.  But it's also not gigantic like the tray on our old chair, which means that it's easier to manage and doesn't take up as much counter space while waiting for a wash.5) The swivel feature is convenient, but wouldn't have been a deal-breaker for us.  We do use it on occasion and it's nice to have.Cons:1) We got the pink because it was on sale (and we do have a girl) but it's obnoxious and does not blend into our decor.2) There are several "joints" in the seat where it comes together to swivel, etc., and food does get into these crevices.  It takes a little scrubbing to get it completely clean.3) The pads come in 2 pieces - top and seat.  Because of this, sometimes the seat cushion slides around, making it difficult to get my daughter strapped in.4) The cup holders look like they are sized to accommodate trainer cups that have handles on both sides, but none of my trainer cups actually fit into the cup holder.  If she's using a cup with handles, we usually set it on the table and put her chair within reach.  Usually she drops it in the middle of her food and eats around it, so she doesn't mind.The cons are minor in my opinion, but I wanted to list them in case they were a deal breaker for someone else.  We are very happy with this chair and my daughter loves it!