There are a LOT of negative reviews for this toy based upon the fact that it might not be made from natural rubber and therefore MIGHT not be safe for babies to chew on, so I felt compelled to share my experience with it.I understand that babies (especially teething babies) tend to put EVERYTHING in their mouths, and I understand wanting to be sure that the toys they will be chewing on are made of safe materials. However, given that my son is exposed to this toy only at bath time, and only under adult supervision, I was not overly concerned about it, especially since I could find no evidence that the toy was made out of anything harmful. In fact that ended up being a moot point because although my son is 7 months, and chews on everything, he somehow doesn't find this toy pleasant to teethe on (yes, I let him try when he was playing with it).I will admit that this toy does have some flaws: If you are looking for it to float around in the tub neatly, it doesn't do that (unless partially filled with water). It's not for teething on, and it's not easy for very small babies to squirt by themselves.That being said, I still think this is a fantastic toy!So why do I think this toy merits a 5-star review, given all its flaws? Because it is by far the toy we play with the most at bathtime. I love filling it with water and squirting my son with it, and he always shrieks with giggles and tries to grab it and dunk it under water (it has the best squirting range of any of the bath toys we have). If it's on the other side of the tub, it's the toy he reaches for, and it's the one I play with myself when he's distracted. I believe that the intention of the toy is not just to give a baby something to entertain him(or her)self with at bath time, but to provide a fun toy that both parent and baby can enjoy playing with together. And it works.And for those who say it is "hard to squirt"- not if you know how! Simply grasp the toy by the colored part (most easily done by placing the toy between the pointer and middle fingers), and push up on the bottoms of Sophie's feet (with the thumb). It's well-designed in that capacity!I hope this review helps you :)