In addition to the Hip Hugger (our most recent purchase) we have a Bjorn, a Moby wrap, a regular sling, and we also tested a friend's Ergo. My boy is now 4 mo old and Hip Hugger is an absolute winner. Here is why:- Bjorn - baby can face back and forward, which is a great plus.  However, it is only fairly easy to put on, there are many straps and buckles. The biggest con s that the baby "hangs" in it, which can't be very comfortable, especially for boys (confirmed by my baby boy, he doesn't like to be in one for more than 15-20 min).- Moby - excellent for newborns, my boy would fall asleep in it within 5 min. Takes long to put on and long to learn how tight to tie it (used about 10-15 times and each time had to readjust the tightness). My 4 mo old feels to confined in it, plus it doesn't really work in a jacket weather.- Sling - never liked it but it may be a personal thing.- Ergo - great in a way that the baby sits (instead of hanging as in the Bjorn).  Added plus - hip/side position.  However, the baby must face backward, which is not practical for a very active baby like mine (he wants to see everything and therefore does not like to stay in it).  Possibly better for younger babies who can't face forward anyway.My baby is very active and hates being "stuck" in one position like in other carriers. Hip Hugger allows for free movement and changing positions. My boy kicks his legs, throws his arms around and tilts from side to side.  I can easily and quickly put him on the floor or sofa, or give him to his daddy whenever he desires, to simply pick him up and place comfortably on the Hip Hugger seat with NO EFFORT! The baby can face back and forward (although in our case facing back is not even an option due to his personality). Hip Hugger is very convenient to put on, it requires only a Velcro and a buckle. It's small and light enough to keep on for a while when you are not holding the baby. We use it mostly inside (as it's winter and too cold for walks without being bundled up in a stroller) but are planning a trip to a mall this weekend to test it out in different environment.The buckle is not very easily adjustable but I understand that it is for safety.  We have it set up for my mom who is a bit larger, and since it's pretty tough to adjust, I usually use it with the Velcro only (the Velcro is large and VERY strong), as the baby needs to be held at all times anyway (he is 14 lbs now, perhaps Velcro won't be enough when he gets heavier).I will definitely buy a toddler version when the time comes.  This is really a great product!