My baby is about 11 weeks old and has a lot of mucus in her nose.  She has been having trouble sleeping and breastfeeding due to the congestion.  The doctor says she isn't sick it is just normal baby congestion whatever that means. We tried the bulb syringe but she hates it and throws a fit when she sees it coming and it was rather ineffective.  I was desperate to find something else so I did some searching and found this interesting item.  It is wonderful and so worth the money.The first time I tried it I was ready for her to cry and pitch a fit but nothing happened.  My husband held her upright and talked to her and she smiled and cooed the whole time.  Believe it or not, I had seen a device similar to this on the show Dirty Jobs (used to collect Turkey semen) so I already understood how it worked and knew I wasn't going to get anything yucky in my mouth.  I did about three suctions in each nostril and stuff came out every time.  Most of it collected in the white part of the device but I did get a little in the bottom of the cup.  It didn't take a lot of suction in fact not much more that drinking from a straw in my opinion.  After we finished she was clear for the first time in days...woo hoo.  I could hear an immediate difference.  I'm hoping we all get to sleep a little more tonight!!  I'm betting this will work even better with some saline drops but I wanted to see what it would do on its own the first time.I cleaned it easily with warm water and a little dish soap.  I'm a germaphobe so I also used the tiny brush that came with my Dr. Browns bottles to clean the inside of the device, it fit perfectly.  Lastly I put a cup of water in the microwave for a minute and used some metal kitchen tongs to dip each part for a few seconds.  Everything comes out very clean.  It says in the directions not to get the collection cup too hot so I only dipped it briefly.  I always hated that I couldn't really clean my bulb syringe but this thing can really be cleaned and boy was it easy!Update:  Our baby is now 4 months old and we still use this item often.  I still think it is great!  Unbelievably my son (2&1/2) can use it on himself...he wanted to try, I let him, and he cleared his own nose.  My husband and I both use it on the baby and often get enough mucus that a small amount collects in the clear cup.  I cannot tell you how wonderful it is to be able to take a baby that is having trouble nursing, suction her nose quickly and easily, and then watch, as she is able to nurse with ease again.  I frequently use it just after adding some saline drops to her nose and that makes this product work even better.  A few months later this is still worth the money and very cool.