The Zen swaddle is made of really soft cotton. I've used it since day one at the hospital (it was the one swaddle I packed in my hospital bag!) and now my baby is seven weeks old. I have found that the classic swaddle seems a bit stretchier than the premier swaddle. The weighted panels really do soothe my baby. During our first weeks, we switched between different swaddles (wrapping in a blanket, as well as different brands such as SwaddleMe, Halo, Nuroo) and found we had the most success with achieving deeper sleep due to the weighted panels. The SwaddleMe and the Nuroo's designs are similar in the way the baby is wrapped. The Halo's sleepsack design with a zipper makes it very easy to keep a tight swaddle. However, it was a two step process that I don't necessarily believe helped with the night time changes. So, for ease-of-swaddle, I believe all the swaddles are pretty much equal.The reason I docked a star for this was based on a few small reasons.1. I have a fidgety baby. I'm sure a lot of people do. No matter how tightly I swaddle, my baby's arms are freed. Due to this fact, I stretch the swaddle to ensure a tight fit. After two weeks of use, I have found that there are holes in the seams because I do pull the swaddle tight. The holes are located in the triangular seams of inside pocket. I have included a picture.2. When I swaddle my baby arms out, the weighted panels "help" in the swaddle coming undone. As my baby kicks, the weighted part droops out and then the rest of the swaddle falls off. This usually only happens during the day when I swaddle arms out.3. The Velcro seems to be stickier in some swaddles than others. On one of my swaddles, the Velcro is so sticky that it ripped the stitch that held it to the swaddle. This was a very minor issue since I have a sewing machine and was able to fix it. I have included a picture.4. The swaddle is advertised for infants aged 0-6, or up to 18 lbs. At seven weeks, I already find that my baby is growing out of it (especially the premier swaddle - as mentioned above, the classic seems to stretch a little more). My baby is around 11 lbs and is my baby has been measuring long - 86th percentile. I have doubts as to whether or not he will be able to continue using this beyond 3 months.All in all, the swaddles are very good. My number one priority is sleep and these swaddles have helped my family achieve more sleep hours and I'm grateful. The reasons for docking one star are small, but I wanted to list them so another consumer could decide for themselves on whether or not they are a deterrence to purchasing the swaddles.