Did about 3 hours of online research yesterday and went out and bought this camera (DCS-825L) and also a DCS-933L which I found to be the closest non-baby-specific version of this camera. It was my goal to see if this camera was really worth the extra ~$100 over the non-baby version as well as to test out all of the functionality.The camera works great. Total breeze to setup out of the box. I was probably going in 10 minutes. The picture is great, the night mode is great. Sound delay is 1-2s and seemed totally acceptable to me. Video delay was 0.5s. Any controls you make on your Phone/PC to send to the camera take about 2-5s to go through. Motion and sound sensing were good though I didn't play around with the sensitivity levels too much. The nighttime picture I thought was really good. There are small, red IR lights which aren't at all harmful to your baby which help the camera see at night. You can't see color at night; it's similar to night-vision anything else. The camera switches automatically and effortlessly between night/day mode as the lights go on and off. Really smooth.I tested the iPhone app on WiFi, LTE, and HSDPA+ (4G non LTE). All worked great. I also tested out viewing it in a browser and that worked great both from my home WiFi network and from my office. I did have troubles with Firefox as Java and Firefox really don't get along these days. On Chrome it worked great. I don't really blame that on DLink and that's not a deal-breaker for me.The lullabies are pretty cool I guess? The temperature reading seems fairly useless. I mean do you really need a warning about the temperature in the babies room? If your kid's room goes above 80 or below 60 and you need an App to remind you, you've got way bigger problems.These products seem to be aimed at parents-only but really one of the top things on my list was the ability for friends and family to be able to see the baby live over the internet. So, although the control panel (both on the iOS and browser) are fantastic, I'd love a way to create a view-only portal where I wouldn't have to worry about someone turning on/off a lullaby or using the two-way speaker to talk to the baby. Having said that, one of the questions I had was 'What happens if multiple people want to view the feed from multiple devices at the same time?' and the answer is that it's no problem.The ability to take a photo or video straight to your iPhone or PC is really cool. Definitely think we'll make use of that. I didn't test out any alerting-email or DVR'ing features so I can't comment on those.Now, to compare this to the DCS-933L. For $100 more you get the following:  Lullabies, Temperature, 720p (vs 480p), Micro USB (vs proprietary connector), Take Photo+Video (as opposed to just Photo), 2 way speaker. Sounds like a lot but it's just not $100 worth of features, in my opinion. One of the other peeves of mine is that this Camera uses the myDLink Baby App and the DCS-933L uses the myDLink Lite app on iOS which means if you use both cameras (and these are handy so I could see adding more cameras to my house) you need to switch between Apps on iOS (everything is properly connected on the MyDlink site, however).So, what's my overall review/recommendation? I really love the camera. Does just about everything I want and even my couple of peeves are software based so there's the potential that they may come in a future firmware release. Is this camera worth $100 more than the DCS-933L (or even $180 for that matter)? Absolutely not. Having said that, I've found zero true competitors and since I'm about to have my first baby and we plan on having more kids I think I can justify the $180 cost as we'll plan to use this everyday and I don't see why it can't last a really long time.Wishlist:View-only login to MyDlink for familyIntegration with iOS apps for other DLink IP CamerasUpdate 6/7:The light sensor on the camera is no longer working well. The camera goes into night mode just fine but you literally have to shine a bright light right at it to get it into day mode. Also, the camera now makes a noise when the IR lights turn on/off which it didn't used to. I called D-Link technical support and they were absolutely awful. The lady on the phone had zero training on the product and continuously asked me if the picture was blurry or if the LED light on the camera was on. I'm currently waiting for a call back from a higher level of Tech Support but I presume the camera will be RMA'd. I'll update the review once I have the new camera and can gauge it's performance.