UPDATE AFTER 4 MONTHS OF USE:Ok, so I still love the bag but it has started to show some serious signs of wear and tear and I am not thrilled about this. First in the "Mommy compartment" the cell phone pocket ripped partially, I completely blamed myself for this as I was often blindly pushing my phone in, or beside it. After about a month the snap of the same compartment broke off on one side (the metal part ripped out of the fabric staying attached to the other metal part of the snap) and I had again blamed, at least partially, myself as I had a heavy set of keys in the front zipper pocket so the snap was under a lot of tension. However, only a week later the "baby compartment" snap also broke off and this time I could not blame myself because that one was under no other strain besides being opened and closed as needed.Also as I predicted the brown parts of the straps did start to fray but it doesn't look too terrible as yet.Obviously, I am totally dependent on this bag so I am reluctant to part from it and leave it somewhere to get it fixed. As a result I keep walking about with it as it is, but I am kinda disappointed to see it deteriorate so fast. It's still useful at this point though.Original review:I love this diaper bag! It looks good, it is stylish yet relatively neutral meaning it can be as classy or as sporty as you want, and most importantly it is soooo convenient.COLOUR and FABRICWhen I was first getting it I did wish for some other colour choices but I am now actually rather happy with the black and brown combination, it really matches a wide variety of outfits.I haven't had to clean it yet but it looks like it would not be a problem at all (it is a water resistant plasticy looking fabric).FUNCTIONThe function of this bag is just great! With all those pockets everything is so easy to find quickly.I actually don't really mind that the front and the back section don't have a zip closure (except when it rains) because the way it closes with a snap in the middle allows to me access some of mine (phone) and baby's (binky) things without ever opening the compartment which saves me a lot of trouble on the go. The insulated side pockets are very easily accessible too, although they are quite large (One pocket can easily hold two half litre bottles of water.) and I wonder if the insulation would work that great on a small bottle inside them as they have no cover. I am still exclusively breastfeeding so haven't tested it that much except for the one or two times when we brought a bottle of expressed milk for the hubby to feed the LO, but those trips were relatively short and we were hoping that the milk would warm up to room temperature so I wasn't hoping for the insulation to work flawlessly.SIZEThis bag is HUGE. You can really fit in sooo much stuff. I am a first time mom and this was really important to me since I want to be mobile with my baby but also want to be prepared for (almost) anything and save my sanity. I mean I know I do not need two swaddling blankets and four outfits for a short trip to the clinic but then; "what if?!..." so I'd rather have them with me anyway. The fact that it can fit so many things has a downside though; it is a huge looking bag too. Now I know that some women wear that as a style anyway, but for someone like me who lives in a place where most women have just a small diaper bag or nothing at all this is quite conspicuous.CHANGING PADAt first I received the bag without it which was very disappointing. However Skip Hop has great customer service and when I sent them an email saying the pad wasn't received they sent a replacement pad at no extra cost, which was great! No hassle. The replacement pad was black unlike the one in the photo online which is beige. For me this was an added bonus as the bag is already black and the pad can be seen from outside the bag.What I was not too thrilled about is the fact that this pad will soak as it is not entirely waterproof even if it is wipable. The pad is 13'' x 21'' and is quite small in my opinion. I'd prefer to see a bigger pad with less padding. But I can't complain too much as for what I have been using it for mostly so far - changing the boy in the car on my lap it has been perfect.STRAPSThey are a good length and nicely designed to be comfy. I do see the fabric fraying over time and starting to look a little shabby but this hasn't happened yet in the two months that I have been using it.Overall I am very happy with this diaper bag and am looking forward to using it for a few more years (yes it definitely looks like it will last).