I got this stroller for two main reasons, it was the lightest and it was small lengthwise when folded up.  Also, it had a decent enough size basket.We were using a borrowed Snap N Go, but I got an Audi A4 wagon and couldn't fit it vertically into the trunk space like I was used to in our 4 Runner.  It was too long by a couple inches.  Putting the stoller in horizontally meant everything else you wanted to get was behind the stoller, or you had to pull the stoller over everything else when you wanted to get it out.  We needed to get a stoller of our own anyway, and I didn't want to purchase a carseat carrier just to get a stoller later.So, I went into Babies R Us, and put the Graco SnugRide car seat in and out of every display they had and made sure to open and close every one.  I also layed out all the strollers next to each other to see what size it was when folded.This stroller was a couple inches shorter than all the rest when folded. Because of the design and how it folds, the handle goes in when it's folded.  I was amazed that this was 9 lbs compared to the 15 lb Snap N Go. (I'm only a 5 ft tall woman.)  Also, I prefer the "bar" handle as opposed to two handles on umbrella strollers, which I thought would be harder to push one-handed.  I don't have any problems with steering when pushing this one one-handed like I heard complaints about.  As a matter of fact, it's been great as far as handling and we've taken it on dirt a few times, though it doesn't seem to be made for it.Also, when it arrived, I made sure to test the folding/opening one-handed, with baby in the other arm, and didn't have any problems.  I don't think it was meant to open/close one handed, but with the right moves, you can definitely do it.  (Most of the time though, the baby, who's 3 months old and in the SnugRide, is either still in the car waiting for me when I open it or already put back into the car when I'm closing it.)The cup holder is a bit small, but we rarely drink and drive anyway.  Also, the basket is kind of hard to put large items into with the seat reclined, which it needs to be when the car seat's in.  But, when I'm shopping, putting 90% of my bags down there hasn't been a problem so far.  We got some hooks to attach to the handle just in case there's a bag that's large enough not to fit into the basket.Overall, I was hesitant to get this due to the complaints on it's reviews. But, I've been very pleased, and happy that the complaints didn't steer me away from this.  I think people might complain too much because it costs more. But, it's been well worth it for me so far.