I wanted a family seat! I saw it on one of those home improvement shows and hit the internet searching for the perfect one. THIS one had the best reviews and was reasonably priced. So I purchased it!I got it within 2 days (Great job Amazon!!) and quickly installed it. Ugggg. I am no dummy, but I had a really really hard time installing this thing. It was adjustable, but I had a hard time getting it to adjust right. The seat either hung over the edge too far, or it was back so far when my husband used the bathroom the seat would fall on him. :(  (These were the same negatives I read in reviews too!)In addition to that I swore the rod in the back was bent. Although I thought maybe it was my eyes. But I finally got it installed and left it so my husband had to hold the seat up. He HATED that, but for his girls... he'd sacrifice.Well after only having it 3 days, my 3 year old came running in from outside playing doing the "potty dance". She had to go so badly she ran and plopped herself on the toilet, only to have the seat fly off!!! She nearly hit the ground!!! (now she's a tiny little thing, she should not have done that much damage!)  Under closer inspection turns out that bar WAS bent, and it was not providing the correct contact with the bracket. THe bend made it too short to hold the seat on. (if that makes sense)So on the phone to Amazon I go! The support was very helpful and kind. They said they would rush me out a new seat immediately!The next seat I got in a few days (a little longer than before even though the claimed they upgraded the shipping). This time it looked good!! The bracket wasnt bent. I installed it in less than 5 minutes!! I had NO problems!! The seat doesnt hang over, the lid stays up.... Perfect!!!!!!  So I must have had a real dud the first time. But this second seat really is perfect.My only complaint is that the chrome finish on the new one is nicked up. Obviously a flaw in manufacturing. The chrome finish on the first one was perfect.  BUT since this 2nd seat installed so perfectly I am not going to take the chance of getting a bad one again. So I will live with the flaw. Plus who has their nose to the toilet seat anyways. If they notice it... they have their own personal issues to deal with! hahaha  Its otherwise great!And my daughters love it!!!! I have 4 kids, 7, 3, 2 and 3 months. So this seat will get tons of use through the years! I hope it stands the test of time!PS. Since its a common question in reviews... I have a newer Crane Toilet. It was purchased about 5 years ago from Lowes. So if you have that toilet... this seat will fit yours. :)