I would ditch even the notion of buying any other type of bottle, nipple, or breastmilk storage system. Kiinde is the way to go for this first-time, working mama.These storage bags are perfect. I love using them to pump/store milk, and my son's caregivers love them as well for their ease of use.PROS:- no leaks, ever- warms up more quickly than solid bottles- no washing (see "unsolicited advice" about reuse, though)- no transfers and risk of contamination- no wasted milk- no wasted milk- no wasted milk ... if you've spent time struggling with your supply and pumping, you'll understand why this is worth mentioning three times- convenient for pre-measured formula, tooCONS:- full bags require a very gentle hand to avoid spillage, but this is to be expected with liquid in a bag- a bit pricey (again, see "unsolicited advice" about reuse)- labeling area is tinyUNSOLICITED ADVICE:- These are labeled as "disposable/recyclable," and Kiinde officially recommends one-time use. Of course they do, because they sell more bags that way, and I'm sure extra-cautious moms feel good about reaching for a brand new bag and knowing it's sterile. I frequently re-use them anyway, particularly when the milk or formula didn't spend much time in the bag to begin with, and have had zero problems. Just a super hot rinse/shake-out and time on the drying rack makes me comfortable with reusing them. Your preferences may vary.- Labeling is easy enough with a Sharpie, but DO NOT try to write on them when they are cold or wet. It just won't happen.- If you re-use and wish to re-label, a little rubbing alcohol takes the Sharpie ink right off. I actually purchased an envelope-moistening pen (tipped with a sponge) that I fill with rubbing alcohol and use to clear the labels off of several at a time.- If you supplement at all, or even in case of emergency, it's handy to have a couple of bags with 4oz. or so worth of powdered formula in the diaper bag. I just write "add water and shake" and circle the measurement on the side. This makes it super easy for care providers, too.If you're a working mom who is hesitant about leaving your baby during the day, I can't recommend this system highly enough. Take comfort in making your baby's care as easy as possible; it may seem negligible, but I love knowing that once my kiddo is crying out for a meal, it doesn't take quite as long to get fed because his bottles are pre-measured, quick to warm up, and easy to assemble. I'll be using this system until he no longer needs a bottle, and coming back to it when I have another baby.