This is a fantastic mobile.  My 2 month old really loves it.  She smiles at it...big smiles and monkey noises and evenlaughter.  This mobile can entertain her happily for about 20-30 minutes without my presence.  This is an awesome accomplishment for a two month old.  I started with the simple geometric shapes.  These caught her eye and she watched it intensely.  When I changed it to the animal faces, she started really cooing and smiling and making happy squeaks.  The animals have very big eyes, which I think infants can see well from the laying down in crib position.  The animals look happy, bright and friendly.I would recommend this mobile for any infant's enjoyment.  I would also suggest that if you want the time to be able to take a shower, or heat up a cup of coffee...buy a mobile that is bright and colorful and skip the "perfect" mobile to fit your decor. This mobile will run for a long time and you don't have to keep winding it up. My daughter's room is "princess" themed...but that matters little to her at this stage.  I put the decorative wind-up mobile I received as a gift on my daughter's changing table.  There it matters little that I have to wind it up a couple of times because I'm detained by a dirty diaper.The Sassy mobile also pivots quite easily.  I have used this feature when taking pictures of my little one.  I set her Boppy pillow in the crib (against the back rail) and throw a nice blanket over it and the back rail.  I then sit my cutie pie in the Boppy pillow and turn on the mobile.  After she starts to smile I quickly move the mobile to the side and snap a great picture.  Nothing to date has been more effective at getting her to smile for a photo!One minus for me is the quality of sound.  It sometimes warbles and sounds "tin-ey."  I thought it was bad batteries...but after a change it still occurs occassionally.  This doesn't bother my daughter at all though, but I doubt I will use the "music box" feature when I must dismantel the mobile at 5-6 months.  I also haven't needed to use the remote feature because I use it as an activity station.  It makes her happy and alert, not sleepy.  I turn it on and she is so delighted she doesn't even notice I have slipped off to eat Bon Bon's and lavish myself in spa treatments (OK...brush my teeth and make a bottle or two) ;o).