This review is for the Rainforest and Precious Planet Playful Snow Globe bouncers--because we own both--we LOVE these bouncers!First --the Rainforest version--this was our original bouncer purchase.  It has been an absolute life-saver!  Our daughter did not like to sit or lie in anything except our laps/arms--until we tried this chair.  She has loved it since first being placed in it around 6-7 weeks and still loves it now at almost 5 months.  The vibrating function is wonderful (just remove the toy bar and turn on the vibrating for a calming nap time seat) and the chair has just the right amount of "bounce" when she kicks.  The toy bar is really outstanding though.  From the glowing waterfall to the moving animals, this captures her attention and holds it--easily for up to 20 minutes.  This one has two great toys that hang down--the bird and the monkey.  There are also different operating functions--continuous play or child-activated.  By 8 weeks old, our daughter could operate the "child-activated" function and has preferred that.  It's the placement of the toys that enables the baby to easily reach and touch them.  The seat material is high quality with a colorful design that also interests her.  I couldn't say enough about how much we enjoy this product.  We liked it so much, we purchased another version, so we could have one upstairs and one downstairs, which leads me to...The Snow Globe version--same great basic design with the vibrating function and just the right amount of bounce.  We thought our child would like a little variety, so we chose this one.  We were not disappointed!  The toy bar is not as phenomenal as the Rainforest one, but it's still wonderful--and can hold her attention easily for 20 minutes.  In order for our baby to use the child-activated function she loves, she had to be a little more advanced to use this toy bar, because she needed to be able to reach towards the center with both hands in order to touch the whale, which hangs a little further away than the Rainforest toys.  She also seems to prefer the design on this chair a little more--she likes to try to "talk" to her "friends" on the chair.  One final note--the toy bar I initially received with this bouncer was slightly defective--the snow-blowing was weak and then stopped entirely.  Fisher Price customer service was outstanding in this matter.  After a short call, a replacement toy bar was sent out and we received it in a just a few days.So--all in all--oustanding product design and customer service!  If you had to purchase one, I would personally go with the Rainforest, but you wouldn't go wrong with either.