We have just started cloth diapering (with our third - why did we wait so long?!) We are expecting a baby in a few months and got some of these for our 16 month old that we will also use with the new baby.  We started off with just a couple, thinking we might want to try out different types/brands of diapers, but these are so perfect - we just bought a couple dozen without even trying any others.EASY - church nursery, babysitters, etc. have no issue with these, because they are no different than changing a disposable diaper.  Other than having to do an extra load of laundry at night, there is no more work involved in cloth diapering with these than diapering with disposables.NO LEAKS - our son is now at the age that he had started leaking out of Pampers Cruisers at night, like our other kids did at this age (they take a cup of water to bed with them).  I just stuck a hemp liner in these diapers for overnight and I have not had a single leak (we've been using these exclusively for 2 months now).  He has also had diarrhea and some other pretty big poops without any leaking at all.  I am extremely impressed with this!BABY - our son prefers these to disposables, it's so cute! He will choose an BG diaper over a Pampers if given a choice. I am sure they are more comfortable, they are sooo soft.  He also has less diaper rashes since we've switched.  We do put Grandma El's diaper cream on him (regular diaper rash cream is a no no with these diapers) if he's going to be in a diaper for a long time, like naps or bedtime, to prevent rashes.  They're also super adorable on!WASHING - these do take a long time to wash, and a lot of water/energy.  That is probably the biggest downside.  When we first got these, I had trouble with stains and even odor sometimes, but I think with cloth diapers it just takes a little experimenting to see what works best for you.  After emailing with Cotton Babies (GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE!!) and trying different things, we found what works for us.  Our biggest issue was that our Whirlpool Duet washer (which I hate) wasn't using enough water.  So now my routine is that I do a regular wash cycle on cold with nothing added.  Then I do a heavy duty wash on hot with Nellie's Detergent, with an extra rinse.  During the beginning "add a garment" part of this cycle, I pause the washer and add a giant pitcher of very hot water to the wash.  Then once a month I do a hot cycle with 1/4 cup bleach (amazingly it doesn't affect the color cover at all) and a couple of squirts of blue Dawn detergent added directly into the wash, PLUS the extra water.  Since I've started doing this, my diapers all look brand new - no more stains, and not the slightest odor.  They do take a very long time to dry (a 60 minute cycle plus a 40 minute cycle on warm!!) So I start the dryer before we go to bed so they will be done when we get up in the morning.  I tried Country Save detergent, but my son ended up with a red rash over the whole diaper area, and Nellie's is working perfectly right now (by the way my whole wash routine was "approved" by the BG folks).DURABLE - yes, we have only had these for 2 months, but I can tell they will hold up another 2.5 or so years like we need them to.  We didn't have a full stash until recently, so we were washing the same diapers every night, and really I cannot see ANY wear and tear or piling yet.I wish Amazon carried these more regularly... I have found other online retailers, but we have Amazon Prime, and it would be so nice to be able to get these, but they are almost always out of stock on Amazon, I'm not sure why.  They are also never on sale anywhere, which sucks.  They are pricey but so worth it - we did the math, and with our two kids, we will save a ton of money over Pampers!