PLEASE READ MY UPDATE AT THE BOTTOM OF THIS REVIEW>>>Ok, so first off, these work over all.Pro..They workCons...Not good enough as is, these come in 2 halves that snap together, if your little one grabs on to one of the holes and hangs on it, it can easily unsnap.I fixed this by using a roll of black electrical tape and putting a couple tight passes around the front and back (avoiding the holes)  this makes it very hard for anyone to pull it in 2 and off the knob.Takes a little getting used to for the rest of us adults lol,  you basically have to use the holes opposite of eachother to place a thumb and your ring and middle finger to grip the knob inside and turn, you do not have as much grip so it can be difficult to turn sometimes using fingertips only.  Try your door knobs and see if you can open them now with your thumb and 2 first fingers using only the tips of your fingers, If you cant, then you may not want these, if you have a weak grip or are elderly this may be bad for you, just think about an emergency like a house fire, you want to be able to get out quickly without fighting the door knob.  I have read reviews on the other types that are easier to open with rubber grips and the such, but they also report that the little ones can take advantage of that as well.  But these do work as I have modified them and will get a few more,  I have placed these on the doors that lead outside the house and on the outside of the bathrooms.  Will get some more for closets and other rooms they should not be in.For fire and other emergency safety, make sure everyone in the house knows how to use these to be able to open the doors with these on, and practice till it is easy and can be done in the dark.I give 4 stars because I do not see anything of this type that is better even though these are not perfect,  I would love one made out of aluminum or brass that connect with a screw, it would be very secure, look better and last longer.UPDATE>>>The Tape starts to slide off the smooth surface and gets messy, My little one can pull these off the knobs pretty easy by just pulling down on them.  But I have come up with a fix.I have used a hot nail to melt holes on either side of the seam where the 2 halves come together, 2 sets of holes on the front of the knob cover and 2 sets at the very back.  I then have used some very small zip ties and ran the ties through the holes and have zip ties in 4 points holding the cover together permanently.  Works great.  That is not getting pulled off any time soon.  I had also tried crazy gluing the pieces together but the glue could not hold up at all. Now, he will have to pull the hole door knob off to get the covers off.