I saw a pampers commercial that showed someone standing in front of dozens of garbage bags full of diapers.  The message was, "You're going to spend ~$2,000 on disposables and fill up this many garbage bags with them.  Might as well spend your money on Pampers."  My wife and I had the opposite reaction and went looking for a cloth alternative.  FuzziBunz is the original, all other modern cloth diapers are copy-cats.  We went with the original and have been very happy.Our baby is 8 months old now and weighs about 19 pounds.  We have the elastic set at the second spot for him.  He was born a couple weeks premature and was only 5 pounds.  FuzzyBunz were a bit too large until he was 2-3 months old.We have problems with them leaking too.  I'm not upset about it at all and expect them to leak, if he wears a pair for 3+ hours (sometimes less if he happened to have a really full bladder).  He usually gets changed every 1-2 hours which minimizes the leaking and the diaper rash.  Now about diaper rash.He has NEVER gotten diaper rash wearing FuzziBunz.  One night I forgot to wash his diapers so he had to go to his Day Care with disposables.  That is the day that he developed a really nasty diaper rash.  His butt was bright scarlet, not pretty.  Coincidence?  I think not.At night we put him in a disposable diaper with some butt cream.  He's not going to leak through it, and sometimes he doesn't have any FuzziBunz left to wear at night anyway.  We figure ~30 disposables a month is better on the environment than ~300/month.We have baby #2 on the way and will be ordering another 12 pack in the next couple months.Other thoughts:The smell... We tried putting lavender in the diaper bag.  Which does help.  What we ended up doing was buying a small trash can (13 gallon maybe) with a lid and super gluing one of those liquid time release air fresheners to the top of the lid.  The diaper bag goes inside with the opening stretched around the rim of the garbage can.  No smell any more and much easier access to deposit soiled diapers.