I have a 14 month old (about 22 lbs), and this product is great. I keep the leash somewhat taught and I use it to sort of steer him where I want him to go (otherwise he'd just walk aimlessly and in circles like an ant). It saves me the trouble of constantly bending down to grab him and turn him around. Some have complained that the kids will run and get jerked back when they reach the end of the leash... which I think is an unfair complaint considering that any and all baby leashes will do the same thing. You still have to chase your kid when they run. With a leash, you at least save your back from bending over constantly.As for strap length, I think that this one has one of the longer straps I've seen. Some have complained that it's too short, but if it was longer I think that you'd run into the problem of having the kid get jerked back when they reached the end. Also, if it was any longer, I think that my kid would just get himself into trouble by running too far ahead or running around people and tripping them up.It's much cheaper and more durable than those velveteen, backpack type products. This product is made out of woven nylon like the straps you'd find on luggage. My wife thinks that it looks ugly, and she would prefer a backpack one. But for the price and the durability, this is fine by me. One downside is that the harness is a little stiff and my kid doesn't like putting it on... but then again, he doesn't like putting on t-shirts, jackets, socks, etc. so I don't think it's a problem with the harness. Once it's on, he totally forgets about it and just goes on his merry way.As for the velcro closure, I'm a bit surprised that some people say that it's ineffectual or dangerous. Maybe they didn't secure it well enough or something. For me it's strong enough that I could dangle my kid like a pinata if I wanted too (not that I would). Granted he only weighs 22 lbs, but still, it's not like a bigger child could just break free unless they actually undid the velcro. To put it on, you have to put the head through one opening, the left arm through another opening, and then secure it under the other arm. I don't think that a child could escape from that without at least a little bit of fussing and floundering.Oh yeah, I almost forgot. In case you run into one of those people who have a strong, negative opinion about putting leashes on kids, invite them over for a tall glass of shutthehellup. Trying to control a toddler in a busy public place is like trying to herd cats... or wild orangutans. It just doesn't work. To me, doing what's best for my kid means keeping them close and secure.