Love this product - good price, easy to install, and works well.  I've only had one intermittent problem with the product, which I describe in the update at the end of this review.This product was easy to install and came with the hardware needed to do so - namely, a longer center screw.  Two nice touches: 1) the screw head is painted white so that it blends in with the cover, and 2) the cover comes with a thermal gasket to insulate the wall opening around the socket and hopefully save you energy/money.  (Note: if you buy the bulk pack of these, you only get 5 thermal gaskets for the 25 covers.  But if you buy the single outlet cover, which is what this review covers, every cover comes with a thermal gasket.)  All you need to install your outlet covers is a flat-head screwdriver.  One reviewer mentioned having to go to the hardware store to get a longer center screw.  Not sure if Mommys Helper has started including a longer screw in response to customer complaints, if this reviewer  just didn't notice the included screw, or he got a defective cover.  In any case, all of mine came with the necessary hardware.The product also seems sturdy and to work very well.  When the center screw is tightened, it fits firmly against the wall, just like the original outlet cover. The sliding covers snap back very smoothly and quickly when you unplug something. My baby hasn't yet shown an interest in electric outlets, but as well as these covers seem to be designed, I don't see how he'd be able to get to the socket with these covers installed.  (I'll update this review as he gets older if he figures out how to circumvent the sliding covers, but I'd be surprised if he did.)Note: this particular version of the product works only for outlets with one center screw, so if you have a different style outlet, you'll need a different baby-proofing solution for your outlets.UPDATE, January 2012: I've discovered one problem with these outlet covers, and it has caused me to dock one star from my initial rating.  Namely, sometimes when I plug a really heavy plug - or more often, a plug with a long heavy cord attached to it - into outlets fitted with these covers, the plugs have a hard time keeping contact with the socket.  For example, when I use my carpet shampooer, which has a fairly heavy plug and cord, the power supply to the shampooer will sometimes waver, causing the shampooer to flicker on and off, even though the plug looks like it's seated properly in the outlet.  Normally, just pressing the plug more firmly into the outlet fixes the problem, but occasionally it does not, and then it's maddening to try to shampoo!  I only have this problem with a couple of outlets in the house, and I can't figure out what makes these outlets different, so I basically just try to avoid using them when I'm running the shampooer.