Ok, so I was initially dismayed thati couldn't use this when just home from hospital with c-section and preemie twins... but I tried it again when I was healed some and so glad I did!  I am now 7 weeks into this and have a system down.  Its hard in the beginning (nursing twins) but it does get easier. I considered quitting countless times in early days but wanted that good immunity passed along to my small babies.So, back to pillow- well I am typing this review as I nurse- those of you that already have your infants home know that alone is amazing (getting your hands free).  I use it on the couch, in a recliner, and favorite spot is propped up in bed. That is where sleep-saving comes in, I can stay comfy and warm and not become fully conscious (I have changing station in my room- using first child's crib so I hav room to lay them both down- with baskets of quick use clothes and diaper changing necessities all there to the sides of crib.)  I have my twins co-sleeping and I sit up at night, put pillow on, grab one baby and then the other.  I currently use a baby blanket under their heads to help get them situated.  I even have changed one diaper while other nurses (already getting too big for that though).  I am not a small woman and it works for me, for those concerned about that.  Oh!  And you can prop baby on tummy and burp if needed.  The pocket is great for my cell phone which is my life (internet, email, kindle books, and audible audiobooks all in one phone- worth EVERY penny during this time you spend so much time tied to babies.)Here are some things I've found work for me to nurse twins and survive.  Couch not recliner..  got a cheap nursing stool for feet and can use seat next to me to lay baby(ies) down briefly to get situated.  Recliner too hard to fold up and stand up with 2 sleeping infants you don't wish to wake.  Nursery glider: I  Personally don't fit with the pillow (not width! But depth-wise is akward).  Ok, I mentioned the smart phone-  must have if you can.  If not, pack a little basket with a handle you can tote around with some entertainment.  Make sure you have a giant drink ready before sitting to nurse unless you have help handy.  I use the mug from the hospital.  I fill it with crystal light and have a water bottle handy.  I have also been seen putting the pillow on and walking to get babies so I can sit and get them both situated.  Looks funny but works, same thing when going to lay sleeping babies down.  Use clip to release pillow, not the loud velcro.  There is more I've learned but not for here!Conclusion- can not live without this thing!