I got scolded by my daughter for even suggesting a walker for my grandson.  "Haven't you read Consumer Reports?" she asked.  Apparently walkers pose a safety hazard.  I agree if baby is left unattended, but I know my daughter, and she watches baby like a hawk.  I also remember the fun our children had in their walkers, and the little bit of freedom it allowed parents who need to get some things done in a day.The only problem is today's walkers are pieces of junk.  They're not well-made and are full of electronics or paraphernalia littering the tray.  I didn't blame my daughter for having reservations, but I knew if she had the right walker, she'd change her mind about their usefulness and safety.  That's why I bought a Joovy Spoon.Everything about this walker is nice.  I love its simple design with just a splash of color in the seat, which is machine-washable and made of heavy-duty (yet comfortable) material.  The tray is extra-big and removable for easy cleaning.  The base is very wide which provides added strength and stability.  It easily folds up for travel or storage.  The Spoon meets or exceeds all government standards in compliance and stair safety, but common sense dictates parents should also use a gate to keep stairs out of reach.I was sold on this walker's features, and bought one hoping my daughter would see the light.  They visited and just as I thought, my daughter was less than thrilled.  That is, until she saw how much our 5 1/2 month grandson loves being in it.  Or how easy it is to feed him there.  We have low-pile carpeting in our kitchen, and baby's feet just touch the floor in the first position (there are three height levels).  My daughter was amazed at his contentedness in this walker and my ability to get dinner on the table simultaneously, yet the whole time baby was well supervised.Because of my daughter's reluctance to have one of these contraptions at her house, I offered to keep the Spoon at mine for when they visit us.  You guessed it, after that initial visit she completely changed her mind and took the Joovy Spoon back home with her that day.  She now sheepishly admits it is one of the most useful baby products she has ever owned, especially in their kitchen which has hardwood floors.  This may be an expensive walker, but to me it is worth every penny.