Firstly, what caught my eye about the Turtlemeter is that it is colorful and doesn’t look like a typical thermometer. The fact that it is in the shape of a turtle automatically makes it look more like a bath toy. I had an idea this would attract my daughter to it and I was right! The Turtlemeter held her interest better than any other toy I bought her!The next big plus for me that the Turtlemeter remains the right-way-up in the water. The Turtlemeter stays flat in the water so the sensor is in constant contact with the water, and therefore gives a constant reading of the water’s temperature.This thermometer updates every second and so gives a much quicker, more accurate reading of the bath water’s temperature. I also compared the temperature reading to our other one and it was comparable, so there are no worries about the accuracy of the temperature reading.The biggest plus to the Turtlemeter, in my opinion, is the traffic light indicators. They are a brilliant feature because if you can’t quite see the digital display, you can easily tell if the water temperature is correct or not from further away with the blue/green/red light indicators. The Turtlemeter has a blue light if the bath water is too cold. The light then turns green if the water is within a perfect temperature range. And it will turn red if the water is too hot. So even if you can’t see the digital readout, perhaps due to getting your little one ready for their bath, you can easily tell if the water is the right temperature from the light system.The Turtlemeter is activated upon touching the water, meaning it isn’t permanently on (hopefully extending the battery life). So far, its battery has lasted but I think the Turtlemeter is better as it turns itself off when not in contact with water.Turtlemeter is also suitable from birth, is fully waterproof, will naturally float and can also be fully submerged. So if your child, like our daughter, likes to submerge it and then see it float back to the surface, they’ll enjoy this bath thermometer.PROS:  - Activates in water turns off when out of the water, so saves battery life.  - Great traffic light system for seeing if the water is ready from afar.  - LCD digital display is good.  - Colorful turtle design appeals instantly to little ones.  - Suitable from birth.  - Floats naturally and won’t tip over, meaning the sensor remains in the water, unlike other bath thermometers.  - Can be submerged.  - Checks the water temperature every second so gives real-time readings.  - Compliant with safety standards.  - Value for money.CONS:  - I can't think of anything!I have no hesitation in recommending it to anyone considering purchasing it as I think it is worth it.