This is THE monitor! When my original Lila needed to be replaced I decided to see what other more expensive models were all about. I tried the Lavana Astra, Levana Ovia, and Infant Optics DX-R 8. They all went back and I bought another Lila.What I love about the Lila:- the camera is small and light, easily mounted to the wall (I use 3M strips and it holds fine). you have to adjust where the camera is pointed manually, but since I'm really only using this in his room and it's only pointing at his crib it's fine.- the monitor is small and portable, and the buttons are easy to use.- the screen on the monitor is smaller than other models, but it's so much better. the picture is much more clear than the other bigger Levanas, and it's viewable from more angles. with the other models, I had to look at the monitor screen straight on; if I looked from any other angle I couldn't make out the picture. With the Lila, I can see the baby while my head is still on my pillow and the monitor is on my nightstand. With the other monitors, I needed to lift my head and get closer to the screen.- peep mode is fantastic. the screen and sound goes off when nothing is happening in the room, and both go on when my baby makes noise. I can also keep the sound off and just have the screen light up when he makes a noise, which is super helpful because my baby makes a lot of noise while sleeping, and isn't necessarily awake.- the lights on the top show how much noise is being made. this visual is really helpful when the sound is off, you can still tell how loud the baby is being.Cons:- the screen is really bright and I wish it went a little lower. but, the lowest iphone brightness setting is too bright for me so it might just be me who thinks it's too bright.- I have had some range issues in large, long houses. But, I also forgot there was an antenna to use and this was with my original Lila, which I needed to replace because I dropped it and the antenna broke.Bottom line is this is the best monitor I've tried, and it's also very reasonably priced. Get the model with two cameras so you can take the 2nd when you travel or go to Grandma's.