This was the best looking night light I could find, so I splurged and bought it for my infant son.  I figured it would go well with his nursery and it would grow with him into toddlerhood and maybe even childood.  It is very cute!  I love the shape, size and look of this night light.  I do wish there were other color combinations.  I love the green but would have liked a more boyish color than purple.  But it still looks good.  It easily goes on and off the charger base.  A single charge lasts a couple days with minimal use.  If left on all night, it would certainly need to be kept on the charger all day.  There is a small button on the back near the base that you push to go on, push again for setting 1 light, then setting 2 light, and finally off.  It is simple and easy to work.  I actually use this right now when I go into his room to check on him at night.  It is easy to grab and find the on button in the dark.  My son is only 6 months so I cannot comment yet on how it works for a toddler, but I imagine it is quite easy to grasp with the convenient knobbed handle.  It is safe for my my baby, who currently puts anything in his mouth, without doing any damage to the light or himself.  It is high quality and durable.Although I like this night light, I was disappointed with the amount of light that emits from it.  I realize that it is just a night light, not meant to be a regular full functional light.  However, the warm, soft, orange glow on the two settings are so dim I have to hold the light very close to my son's face to see him.  It is definitely not a bright illuminating night light and nothing like a lantern in way of brightness....it is extremely soft light.  There is not much light difference between the two settings.  A third setting of brighter light would be welcomed. The claim that you could change a diaper with this light is highly debatable.  There is just not enough light there to do this well.  One other thing this night light is missing is a timer.  A switch to turn off in 30 minutes or so would be a helpful addition, but it does not have one.Yes I would probably buy it again.  I'm sure my son will love it when he is older.  Just wish it was cheaper and brighter.