I bought this for transitioning my son from my room to his crib in his room.  I though something that would keep his attention in the dark would help him not focus on the fact that he was in different place.  It may have hepled, because he has slept peacefully in his room since the first night, and he seems to really like it.The characters that dangle from the mobile are cute, and the light show projection is entertaining for the baby since it projects right onto the canopy, close to his face where he can actually focus on it as opposed to ceiling displays on other products.  There's a seperate day and night setting, both playing music but with the added light show on the night setting.  I have found that unless it's super bright in the room he can still see the light show durng the day, so I just always use that setting.One thing I really like is how migh above the mattress it hangs.  My baby is currently almost 6 months old and is nowhere near being able to grab the characters.  The music box part that fastens to the side of the crib, however, is well within his reach, he plays with it ALL the time!  I like that I'll be able to keep that attached to the crib even after I take the mobile down.Some disadvantages...like other reviews stated, there is somewhat of a grinding sound that comes from the motor inside, however mine must not be as bad as some have described, because it isn't loud enough to drown out the music or anything.  Really loud noises must be manufacturing flaws and I'd recommend sending it back (keep the box til you make a decision!).You pretty much need to be in direct line of sight with the mobile to use the remote.  It's not that bad, but it's annoying for me because my room is directly across the hall, and I still have to get up and stand at his doorway to use it.  No big deal...just kind of annoying.Many people have complained about battery life, but I think the problem is leaving the mobile on all day, draining the battery.  There's an "off" position, and then night and day "on" positions.  When the mobile stops playing after its 10-minute interval, it is still "on" as long as the switch is in either the day or night position.  Get in the habit of pushing the switch over to "off" before going to bed or whenever you take the baby out of the crib, and not turing it on again until the next time you lay him down to use it.  Makes a huge difference.One last thing that could be improved is the music...there are only 3 different songs and one "nature sounds" option, it'd be nice if there were more.