I was so surprised how quickly these shipped to my house, which was just perfect! One of the nicest things was receiving an email from Thirsties explaining how to launder these for the maximum absorption rate. Please, if you are new to cloth diapers or unsure, take the time to read this information or you may end up disappointed in the product without knowing it was preventable! They do require a bit of care before putting them to use, and I thought it was incredibly thoughtful and responsible of the company to send an email to me on how to use and care for this item prior to me receiving it. I knew exactly what to do right when I got them! I love love love the different size options, as we are using for our almost 2 year old daughter who is a little bit on the cubby side. We really did need size large and many brands do not offer the different sizing options, which is kind of a bummer. These are incredibly soft and a great value for a three pack of inserts. I absolutely adore the lovely light purple color, as the majority of inserts are just simply a plain old white color. Who doesn't love a little pop of color added to something?! After following the manufacture's suggestions for washing before use, we got to finally try these inserts out! I know, it's hard to wait but PLEASE follow the care instructions- it does make a difference! I am always nervousness taking my cloth diapered baby in public and usually felt safer with a disposable. I decided to take the plunge and give these a try at a function for the older siblings, at their school. We were there for around 3 1/2 hours with no leaks or any issues what so ever! I was so impressed and extremely pleased with these inserts. The next test was for an overnight diaper, as these are suggested for use. My baby usually wakes up very wet but we have no leaks. However, with previous overnights I needed to use two regular inserts, making them very thick and bulky. I used one of these thirsties fab doubles for the overnight diaper and we incredibly impressed to find, upon waking up, we had no leaks! I am so pleased with this purchase and will continue to add to my cloth diaper stash with more products from thirsties. It is all ready proving to be a solid, reputable company plus THEY ARE MADE IN THE USA and I couldn't be more happy to support a high quality American company! Thank you, I would definetly recommend these products to friends, family and any mamas asking about cloth diapering!