We were looking for a high back booster to accommodate out very tall 7yo and still allow for growth.  After checking iihs.org best bet booster list (rated best bet for high back only) and csftl.org car seat techs recommendations for long lasting high back boosters we purchased both the maxi cosi rodi ap and the britax parkway she.  My daughter LOVED the color options for the maxi cosi.  The one we received from Amazon was manufactured over a year ago that cuts into the 7 year expiration of the seat.  The seat is very lightweight and the back snaps on to the seat pretty easily.  There are also two plastic pieces extending from the side wings into the armrest that I suppose is for stability but do scare me of pinching if the seat is reclined.  The cup holder needs to be clipped on seperately.  I do not like that it extends so far from the seat taking up space in the car but my daughter insists on a cup holder.  It's a very generous wide size to accommodate larger bottles and there is a rubber top ring, that also needs to be snapped on, that helps hold the bottle and prevent it from becoming a projectile in a crash.  I have read reviews that the ring pops off but after snapping it in well and pulling multiple times I do not see a problem.  When picking up the seat to change cars the cup holder gets in the way and the back falls off but it is lightweight and not hard to lace the seatbelt through the path.The booster does not have latch to attach it to the car.  When a child is not in the seat it should be seatbelted in to prevent it from becoming a projectile in an accident.  The headrest easily extends  by squeezing a handle on the back of the headrest to a whopping 21.5" shoulder guide giving my daughter lots of growth in the seat.  The headwings are padded with air protect that my daughter said felt like pillows.  The arm rests were not situated to her liking and I have a feeling it would not be the most comfortable for her as a backless booster.  Although the seat depth is the same as the britax parkway my daughter felt it to be a bit short for her liking.  The fabric feels like a soft cotton almost like a tee shirt which is great for sensory sensitive children but seems to be a problem for wiping clean.  Removing the fabric for washing is not more difficult than other high back boosters but it will not stay the same vibrant pink for long.  We ended up keeping the Britax parkway for the lower price, latch attachments and integrated cup holders but would not hesitate to buy the maxi cosi again for a different child or car.