This gate came in a box inside the box used for delivery and it was in a protective wrap with protection on 3 of the 4 corners. There was no damage to the gate when I received it and I was pleased when I opened & saw the gate. It really is very cute. I measured it and it is true to the specifications listed in the description. It is exactly 19 inches tall and 4 feet long. The 'center piece' of the gate is 2 feet and the 'folding side pieces' of the gate are each 1 foot long. As such, the gate folds to 2 feet long for storage. It is also black as described. I have posted pics that show the packaging, how I store the gate, and how I use the gate when restricting my dog to the kitchen. *Edit: 12/21/13, I'm no longer seeing my customer images here and now another customer has posted about how the Collie pictured was misleading! I agree that the image with the Collie could make the gate look taller than it is. I'm not sure why my images aren't here anymore, but they can still be viewed at my profile. If you aren't sure about the size, my pics show my small dog next to it. He's a Lhasa Apso.The gate I received is not completely flush with the ground all the way across when the sides are extended all the way out. This causes no problem at all for me - it just means that one side will swing a bit when pushed while extended. Also, it will not stand up on its own with the sides completely extended. However, that is to be expected as it has no feet. The sides must be folded a bit as you can see in the pics for it to stand on its own.It is a bit heavier than I thought it would be from the other reviews. It is not going to fall over because my dog bumps into it, but it seems that it will fall pretty easily if a dog is trying to knock it over. My dog will not attempt to move an obstacle or jump over a gate (at least not while I am home) so this is not a problem for me. Also, it is formidable enough that he won't start now. He made no moves to try to escape and looked at the new gate as if he understood that it was, indeed, the new gate.Overall, I am happy with this gate because it serves its purpose, stores nicely, and is very cute in my apartment. If you have a dog who will seek to escape or who is tall at all, this probably is not the gate for you. If, like me, you have a dog who is short and not very athletic - you likely could have a good experience as I did. I use the gate to separate my dogs while they eat. If I needed something to really keep them restricted if I left the house, I don't think I would use this gate for that purpose.