Before I bought this clock, I read all the reviews here on Amazon several times. I hesitated, but still bought it.  After using this clock for several clocks with my 2 year old, I wanted to come on here and address some of the negative stuff that people had mentioned in past reviews.1) "It ticks loudly".  If you have a child who is very very sensitive to noise, whom you always kept the room dead quiet for, yes, they will have problems with this.  Remember all those old clocks when we were kids, like the Mickey Mouse one? It sounds like that. It's not that bad.  Our son had 0 problems with the ticking (but we've never kept everything 100% quiet for him, so he's used to a little noise).2) "The back part is annoying and you have to take it off every night to set the alarm."  Do you guys even realize why the back part is there? It's so the kids can't press all the buttons on the back of the clock.  It's extremely easy to twist off (one twist, it's off), and extremely easy to put back on.  We had it off for the first week, and started putting it back on when we realized our son would reset the clock, turn the volume up, basically press the buttons. They're kids, give them buttons, they'll push them.  Also I'm not sure why people are complaining you have to set the alarm every night. You push 1 button to put the monkey to sleep, and it will wake up again at the time you had set previously.  How else would you get the monkey's eyes to close?3) "It's 24 hour time". Most of the world is on 24 hour time.  It's very easy to figure out how this works if you have trouble, and not that hard to add or subtract 12.  In fact, 2 year olds can't tell time anyways, so it's a non-issue for them, and if I'm still using this clock when he can start telling time, it's a great learning tool.4) "It doesn't work with my son". Well that's not the clock's fault.5) "It's hard to set up, the instructions are bad."  You guys must have bought a different clock than I did. It's very very easy to set up, and the instructions made complete sense.My son gets very excited with this clock. He'll exclaim "monkey awake" when we walk into his room in the morning, and in the evenings, he'll say "monkey sleeping" at night.  We honestly haven't needed to use it yet if he wakes up earlier than the monkey, but he really likes the clock, and it works as it says it does. I wouldn't hesitate to buy this again or recommend it for a friend.