To start, I want to say that we own the Chicco Key Fit infant Car Seat and stroller combo and that is a FANTASTIC system.  The bases for the seats are so easy to use and convenient that I don't know how we could ever go to a different system.  Everything is smooth operating and well built to near perfection.With all that said, I did not know this car seat existed until a few seconds before I bought it.  My older daughter has an even flow that I have always hated passionately but we knew it, so it was what we had for parents and ourselves and so forth.  I will do a full review on that car seat later, I won't cover the details why I disliked it so much here.  Anyway, my infant daughter was up for a new car seat and I was dreading the transfer out of the Key Fit system because I liked it sooo much.Well, along comes the NextFit and that's it.  I'm SOLD.  I read some of the negative reviews, because I always do, and decided that many of the issues people were having, I would tackle head on.  I have not been disappointed.I will go over the steps to a car seat and why the NextFit excels at them all.1. Assemble- No issues.  Basically comes right out of the box ready to roll.  Covers and such need to go on in places and if you want to slide a cup holder in, have at it.  Done.  Perfect.  No rough edges, clear steps and generally a breeze.2. Put in car/moving from car to car-Wow...so easy.  It's a bit clunky to move around, but all car seats are.  However, putting it in is amazing, just like the Key Fit.  The pulls for tightening are silky smooth and getting everything adjusted to level is great.  It doesn't come off of a base, which was handy for car transfers in the Key Fit, but moving this is no issue at all.  DISCLAIMER: I have never and probably at this point will never own a car that does not have car seat hookups.  I cannot attest to how easy it is to put in with a seat belt hookup.3. Being in the Car-This car seat is bulky.  Unless you have a Mini Van or a giant SUV, you will not be able to get three of these bad boys in a row.  Also, if you have two of these, the middle gets tight, but I have small family members in a normal SUV that fit without problem.4. Put kid in seat-Again, so easy.  There is a dual stage clip on the buckle that works great for getting the seat to the correct tightness without some difficult push this, pull that maneuver.  Simply put your child in the seat, hook them up, buckle stage one, pull the smooth as butter strap, and push the buckle to stage two.  It takes about twice as long to put your child in as it did to read that.  It's very easy.5.  Comfort- Can't speak to this as my daughter is too young to tell me, however, the first thing I said to my wife is "I want one my sized".6. Safety-No info except this seat is supposed to be extremely safe.7. Get Child out of seat-This is where the car seat originally had some problems according to older reviews.  Apparently, older models had a difficult buckle and some people still have issues with the new one.  I 'understand' this, but completely disagree.  It took me two tries to be able to take my child out with one hand.  The only confusion with the buckle is because of the two stage system.  You unbuckle it once, then you do it again one more click.  Really, not hard at all.I can't say enough good stuff about this car seat.  The only problem I have found with it is when you click the "Buy" button.  However, I think you really do get what you pay for in this situation, and again, can't recommend it enough.