I cant say enough how much I love thirsties diapers. My older 2 kids, I had the older style of diaper and I am still using them now on my third baby and they are just starting to show a little age but holding up great. But I do take good care of them. Now with my newest baby I bought a few of these new diapers and more of the covers and I love them even more than the last version of these. These ones make it easier for doublers to stay in place... at night I use 2 doublers. And during the day I swap between these fab fitted and the OsoCozy better fit prefold diapers in the Thirsties Cover. I would like the all- in -one version, but to keep some cost down I also use those prefolds, that way I dont need as many since I can use the covers multiple times. I also like the diaper and cover to be seperate because: with the fab fitted diaper I can soak them in OxyClean to remove any poo stains and then I wash, and then wash a second time with the covers with only the free and clear soap. And it works GREAT! They are nice and soft and stay on snug... And too, a few times I used disposables and had poo blow up the front and back... with these, I NEVER had that mess happen. Couldnt be happier here. I do like the snaps because they are easier to wash.... but over-all I prefer the aplix(velcro) because its easier and faster to change a diaper... Now if only they were a little cheaper. BUT I use exclusively cloth diaper (unless Im on vacation) and I figured it all out that what I spend on these would cost me 2 1/2-3 mos of disposables. And that is for 2 kids. My 3 year old still needs diapers for nap and night so I also use the prefolds with the size Large cover for him. I also can use the size two but for some reason the size Large seems to have a little more room around the leg.My shopping list for 2 (16 pounds & 32 pounds)kids included:(I wash diapers about every other day)6 Size 2 Thirsties covers6 Fab Fitted diapers size 24 Size Large covers1 DZ OsoCozy Better Fit Prefolds2 pks Thirsties Doublers (6)1 pk (2) Thirsties Hemp Inserts2 pks washclothes or Fab wipes1 spray bottle (for wash). You can use the Thirsties booty luster -or- I use water mixed with a squirt of Johnsons head to toe wash (its cheaper)Small wet bag for diaper bag (I use a medium wet bag for long day/overnight trips)All Free and Clear Laundry SoapOxy Clean Powder to soak in the wash of fabrics (NOT TO USE ON COVERS)Hope this helps!  :)