My 2 1/2 year old recently outgrew her previous lightweight stroller and as we travel quite a bit I quickly went in search of a new one for our Walt Disney World vacation.  Her "regular" stroller that we use for everyday use is Maclaren's Juicy Couture but because of the high price tag I refuse to travel with it.  That said, I wanted a lightweight yet durable stroller, one with ample storage and cup holders, and most importantly, one that didn't break the bank. I found what I was looking for and then some with Joovy's Scooter.I ordered the stroller in "Orangie" (mainly because it was the cheapest version) and was a bit scared of the color, until it arrived that is.  It's a beautiful orange, not too deep and not neon - perfect middle of the road orange.  The Scooter is pre-assembled with only the wheels, brake, and cup holder to install.  The safety bar also needs to be installed but I opted not to utilize it.  It took me less than 15 minutes to complete.  The canopy is fantastic.  It's large as is but the added bonus of the sun shade is simply wonderful; my daughter inherited my very fair skin so it feels awesome to know that I can block the sun during its peak times!  Unbeknownst to me there are 2 mesh pockets located on either side of the seat (which, by the way, is extremely roomy and comfortable) - a great surprise.  I'll be able to store her sippy cups and snacks without fear of them falling onto the ground.  The handles are unique yet comfortable and the adult cup holder is in the perfect location.  Now, the best part: storage.  I was in awe over the size of the storage basket that the Scooter has.  One of my biggest pet peeves is not being able to store my daughter's diaper bag but with the size of the basket on this stroller I no longer have to worry about that.  Even with the diaper bag in place there's plenty of room to spare, though I will caution that the directions state the basket is not meant to hold more than 5 pounds.At just 18.5 pounds this stroller is very lightweight and easy to both pick up and carry. It's also durable and does not tip over when I place something on the handle bars and/or seat while my daughter isn't in it - a feature that I'm not used to as all of my previous lightweight strollers would tip backwards with the slightest amount of weight!  Folding the stroller takes a bit of practice as you need to use both hands but within 10 minutes I had it down pat.  The ONLY downside to Joovy's Scooter is that the seat needs to be reclined all the way in order to fold it.  You can fold it with the seat in higher positions but the stroller becomes extremely bulky by doing so.If you're in the market for a good lightweight stroller I can't recommend this one enough.  For the price I paid I was delighted with how fantastic it is!