BumGenius Freetime diapers are absolutely GREAT diapers. I have BumGenius 4.0, Rump A Roos, FuzzyBuns, Kiwi Pie, and Happy Heiny's... these are my favorite diapers. I've been using them for over 2 months, and they have never once leaked (whereas I can tell you for a fact that the others have leaked).Freetime diapers have 2 layers of stay-dry absorbent cloth that do NOT come apart from the diaper - You can fold them however you want into the inside of the diaper. The cloths are THE BEST part of the diaper. There is no stuffing involved (like pocket diapers), and they have the same great diaper qualities that the regular BG 4.0's have.Anyway, long story short- these are great. Some people have written that they are too bulky... but if thats the case, then just use them for an overnight dipe!UPDATE!!: I have been using these diapers for 4 months now, and they are still my favorite. So convenient!! I'm a working mom, so when my baby lays down for the night, and I have to wash the diapers, all i do is dump the entire wet bag into the washer and I'm done! I don't have to pull out the liners or worry about making sure any velcro will snag on anything. After they are dry, I save even more time by not having to stuff each and every one. It sounds like no big deal, to stuff a pocket diaper, but when there are so many other things on your "to do" list at night before bed, the last thing you want to do is spend time stressing over cloth diapers. These diapers make cloth diapering EASY!!A note about the "bulk" I mentioned in my first review... Since these diapers have been washed more, they have also lost their bulk. They are not as bulky and fluffy as they used to be. They are still VERY absorbent and VERY soft!! :-)****Last but not least, and I hope you all read this, I bought some of these diapers from Amazon to try them out. When I realized they were perfect for me, I bought the 24-pack from the Cotton Babies web site (originally $400, discounted to $360 with their "buy 5, get 1 free" promotion). If you sign up for the newsletter, they will give you a 5% off promo code included in their welcome letter!  I'm all about saving $$, so I hope this helps!UPDATE: DEC. 2013 -- I am STILL using these BG Freetimes! My daughter is almost 1.5yrs and these diapers work wonderfully. I am expecting again in March with another little girl, and you can bet that I am going to be purchasing another stash for my second kiddo! Please email or leave a comment if you have any questions for me! I'd be happy to answer :-)