After reading reviews, it seems that some buyers were expecting something akin to a combination of a neck brace and voodoo magic for their belly and back pain... this product is soft and it does give, which allows for movement. I'm 25 weeks and have been having middle and lower back pain - this band has helped me immensely. Provides support to ease the pain - BUT not a miracle worker and not intended to carry your baby for you. :)I am a psychologist, so I sit nearly all day doing therapy... this has helped tons (along with a lumbar pillow, yoga stretches, and stool for support). I find myself wincing and stretching desperately for relief much less than prior to buying this. I think the bottom line is we're going to be uncomfortable during pregnancy, but this produce does offer some relief to help you get through your day. Keep in mind there is no one magic fix - I think if you use massage, heat/cold packs, pillows, stools, yoga, etc. with the band you'll get better results. The band is helpful, however.Sizing: sizing worked out for me, personally. I am 5'3 - pre-pregnancy weight of 120 and current preggo weight around 142 a 25 weeks - the Small/Medium fits beautifully.I gave it 5 stars, overall -happy with product, shipping, and results. Be realistic and you'll probably be happy too. If you're having moderate to severe pain think holistic care rather than relying on one band.  :)PLUS: This product can be used post-pregnancy to help with C-section and other postnatal pains for belly support! You simply position it differently. Sweet!****UPDATE**** Just wanted to add an update - I am now at 37 weeks and continue to wear the boppy support belt - now weighing around 165 pounds. Same size still works for me as when I purchased. I wear this most of the day and have SO MUCH LESS PAIN than before. This product is aweseome! I like how it gives a little, because since he is full term I don't feel like I'm squashing him. It also keeps some of the pressure off of my bladder. :)