Getting a stroller was the hardest decision I had to make! However, once I got the Orbit baby it was clear to me that I couldn't have chosen a better system! If you're planning to buy one of the high end strollers, this is absolutely the best choice in my opinion... and it is so cool looking, you'll get a lot of attention. My friend also have an orbit and we were walking in the street and somebody with a Bugabbo told us that everybody now got the Orbit...Pros:1. Very simple to operate. My husband loves the easy folding and getting our 6 month in and out of the car is a piece of cake! I see all other friends/family struggeling with either having to carry the car seat or putting it in an adapter and really feel bad for them....2. Papparazi shield is a BIG plus! we live in New York and this really helps with the cold weather-we just pull it down and no wind or cold air is getting to the baby.3. The cargo pod is also very convinient.4. Stain resistant-the big surprise for me was the fabric the stroller is made of. When my son was two months old he used to stain every possible outfit when the diaper leaked, and even the stronger stain remover wouldn't take out the yellow color.... so when it leaked on the stroller I freaked out! I was amazed however when I took a simple baby wipe and the dirt came out in a second!!!!!!!!!!! I have the stroller for 6 months and it looks brand new!!!!5. The company's costumer service is fantastic!Con:1. I don't love the toddler seat as much as the infant car seat(stroller not car seat)-it doesn't fully recline, plus the way it reclines is with a strap so sometimes when you recline it the two sides are not even and it's a little annoying. Also, openning the bar in the from is a little hare I always afraid I am going to break my ring or something... and the levers to swivel it are also hard to manuver, unlike the infant car seat. We just got a Maclaren and i think we'll be probably using it more for the strolling part.2. It is heavy-especially if you have a bunch of stuff in the cargo pod and/or if you keep the toddler stroller seat on.