I have two girls, 22 months apart (1 and 3 years old). My older daughter doesn't enjoy sitting in a stroller for more than a few minutes at a time, but when walking, she tends to run off or stray. I decided that a sit-and-stand style tandem stroller would be ideal for us. I first purchased a used, older model Baby Trend. I found that the style of stroller worked well for us, but the stroller itself was incredibly bulky and cumbersome to steer. After reading all the glowing reviews about the Joovy Caboose, I decided to sell the Baby Trend and buy a used Joovy Caboose. It was definitely an improvement over the Baby Trend, but I had some complaints:1. It was still heavy and very difficult to steer.2. The shade was too small and easy to put on, but was an enormous pain to take off.3. Compared to my single stroller (Graco) and the Baby Trend Sit n Stand, it was much more difficult to collapse and unfold, and required two hands to do so. Also, if the front wheels were not properly aligned, the stroller wouldn't collapse properly and the wheels would get caught on the basket underneath.4. There wasn't enough room for the rear rider to sit comfortably. When the front seat was reclined, the rear rider couldn't sit at all.5. The front child couldn't recline much at all, even when the rear child was standing.6. When my kiddos were snacking on the go, there was nowhere for the rear rider to put her food/drink/snack, other than in the parent cup holder, which made it inaccessible to her.7. The rear seat on the original Joovy Caboose slides forward and backward to allow access to the basket underneath. However there is still very limited access, and the seat would slowly slide backwards while my older child was riding on it, causing her to lean forward because of the front seat.When I damaged my Joovy Caboose (ran over the wheel with my car!), I went to a local baby store to see what other options were available...and I discovered the Joovy Varylight. I tried it out, and I fell in love!1. The larger rear wheels with suspension make the stroller a breeze to maneuver and steer. Plus the tires are 100% polyurethane, so no need to worry about flat tires.2. The larger sun shade easily clips on and is removed JUST as easily!3. After a little bit of practice, the stroller easily collapses and unfolds with one hand. And the basket underneath is far enough back to where the wheels never get anywhere near it. The front wheels also nicely align themselves as the stroller is being folded.4. The rear rider has plenty of room to sit when the frame is extended.5. When the rear child is standing, the front rider has 2 different recline options (not including the upright position). While the front seat doesn't recline completely, the seat goes down enough for the front rider to nap comfortably.6. The snack tray can be removed! This is huge. It can come off for cleaning, or if the front child is simply not using it, or to allow the stroller to fit in a more compact space when folded. The best part is that it can be attached to the rear, allowing the rear facing rider to use it. As a bonus, when attached to the rear, it also helps with keeping the child contained when they're not belted in. I also loved that my daughter could still stand on the platform with the snack tray in place (although I wouldn't recommend that for larger children!).7. The rear seat is stationary, and the edge of the basket underneath extends up when there is no rear rider to allow more room and better access.With the extending frame and clever upgrades, this stroller does things I never knew I wanted (or even thought was possible) in a tandem stroller. I wish I could give this 4.5 stars. My only complaints so far are few, and most are regarding all the pricey add-ons for an already pricey stroller:1. There is no latch to secure the stroller in the collapsed position.2. The parent tray is NOT included, and must be purchased separately. Perhaps even more aggravating is the fact that the Joovy Cool Essentials Parent Organizer (for the original Joovy Caboose) will NOT fit on the Joovy Caboose Varylight stroller! And if you try to get away with finding a non-Joovy parent organizer, you can forget about getting additional cup holders for the rear seat, since they are only sold as a package.3. While I don't have use at this time for the infant car seat, I'm unhappy that it would have to be purchased separately if I needed it...especially given that the original Joovy Caboose came with one.4. The Joovy Caboose Too seat is not compatible with the Joovy Caboose Varylight stroller, so as of yet, there is no way to convert it into a full double.At this point, I'm extremely happy with this stroller overall. And I LOVE the fact that it can convert to a single stroller if I happen to be out with just my youngest. As I get more use out of it, I'll update my review.*****UPDATE 3/23*****We went on a family outing to an outdoor fair where there were smooth dirt roads and a slightly less-smooth parking lot...nothing terrible enough to give me the slightest hesitation or concern about the whether the stroller could handle it. I have no idea what happened, but every time from then onward that we folded the stroller, the front wheels would jam into the frame unless they were in the reverse position. The front wheels also began to wobble when I pushed the stroller at a quick pace.I called customer service at Joovy, and a real person answered the phone. He attempted to give me some solutions on how to fix it, but none worked. He offered me a replacement stroller, and had it shipped to me within a few days. Absolutely STELLAR customer service from Joovy!I was also having some concerns because when I was trying to convert the frame to a single, it seemed to keep getting stuck. Fortunately I realized that it was because I was inadvertently pushing to one side as I was pushing back. TIP: You must push straight back! It will then easily slide back into the compact position.Aside from that, my only other issue is that my daughter likes to accidentally kick the wheel break while she's sitting in the rear-facing seat. This is a minor issue, and something that I'm hoping she'll grow out of as she develops more control and spatial-awareness.