When I was expecting my first child, I already knew I wanted a monitor and that I wanted one that had good quality video and audio, and no crackle.  I had seen standard-quality audio come through with so much static and hiss that parents get in fights over whether to have the audio on or off.  It can be extremely annoying if there is any interference.So, I decided up-front to go for a digital video/audio monitor.  That means very few choices and paying more money.  The Safety 1st High-Def seemed like the only reputable choice, and had gotten great reviews, so I bought it.  I didn't care about the portable nature or people's complaints about battery life or the blinking lights on the camera.  (I thought my wife might, but she didn't either.)First, it completely lives up to my digital expectations.  We have cell phones, wireless internet, wireless home phones, etc. And we are in a condo where I can get about a dozen other people's wireless internet (and who knows what else) signals coming through the apartment.  No problems.  The video and audio are great.  I even took it in the elevator and I got good reception a few floors away before losing signal.  That's a lot of concrete to go through.The portable nature of this is far more useful and convenient than I would have imagined.  That is a big plus.As for the downsides....  Battery life - I knew it would be bad from the reviews, so we leave it plugged in if we are in one place for long  (living room, kitchen, or bedroom).  That isn't a big deal, as the power cord is lightweight and easy to move around.  User interface - They came up with one of the most counter-intuitive button interfaces around.  You actually have to read the manual.  Plus it doesn't have a huge number of features.  Oh well.  It gets the job done and you can master it if you read the manual.  Don't plan on the grandparents figuring it out without some lessons.  Super-bright blinking light on camera - In a dark room, it is a bit like having a lighthouse in there.  Not too mention the funky LEDs glowing red for the nightvision.  Our daughter has picked up on this odd electronic light gadget over her crib not that long after her birth.  It doesn't seem to impact her quality of sleep though and we eventually taped aluminum foil over it.One other good feature - It only plays the audio if it reaches a threshold.  I think that is not an uncommon feature for monitors, but it works quite well on this monitor.  Coupled with the fact that it doesn't get significant noise means that we get the audio behavior exactly how you would like - little or no sound unless baby is up to something.As for the psychology of having a monitor and whether it is habit-forming or useful...  We have had no issues.  We find it very useful, but don't feel we have to use it all the time.  It gives us a very good heads up as to when we should be extra quiet (shhh...  she's stirring a bit), when to eat our dinner very fast (she just woke up, she has a couple minutes before she'll probably start crying for her parents), when her pacifier fell out as she's going down to sleep and a quick pacifier replacement will keep her from crying and getting worked-up, etc.  We naturally have found when it is useful and when it isn't.  We don't stare at it all day long from obsession.In summary, I highly recommend the Safety 1st High-Def Digital video monitor.