I love Gideon products! They make some of the best household products! I am always on the lookout for products that can help out my family in one way or another. I have found that Gideon products are well made, sturdy, and durable. I find that when I buy a product that Gideon makes, it is money well spent.This is one of the nicest night lights that I have used with my children, and for myself. When I had a chance to review the DreamWave Soothing Ocean Wave projector light from Gideon, I was excited. My kids are not babies anymore, but they do use a nightlight. My oldest daughter loves the beach, so this was a great night light to get her. It has three simple settings, so it doesn't take a rocket scientist to use. The first switch is for a soft nightlight. The second switch allows you to have a multitude of colored lights, in the third switch allows you to choose whether you want the globe to move or stay stationary. This is great, because she can change it up at her will. The night light runs by plugging it in. It has a very quiet motor, so you do not hear it at all. It is hard to see from the pictures, but believe me, the projected pattern is beautiful. My daughter fell asleep and slept through the night for the first time in a long while. It was on low when I checked in her in her room. When she was almost asleep, I put it on mode one. She was able to get up at night and not be scared. It was great because we did not have to have the hall light on. The hallway light shined in our room, as well as the babies' room. She now feels better because she can get up by herself without waking the whole house up. The speakers put out a quality sound, not distorted at all. It comes with a USB cord, so you can plug it into a device to play music.I have also discovered the soothing ocean waves sounds as well. I am a mom of a very busy family as well as a small business owner. There are nights that I do not think that I could even get to sleep because of all the worries and stress from the day. All you have to do is put this on and lay back and relax. Between the soft lights and the ocean noise, it creates a calming atmosphere. It is also great for a white noise sound as well. Since we live in a farm-like community, there is always some kind of noise at night. This DreamWave Soothing Ocean Wave projector  helps to leave he ate all that background noise for a good night's sleep. I highly recommend this DreamWave Soothing Ocean Wave night light to anyone that has a child that would benefit from using a nightlight, or for yourself or someone that can benefit from a relaxing, calm environment. It doesn't have to be a baby to use this. I would even recommend this for a teenager's room that just likes to stay up all night,I received this product at a discount to allow me to test it, and then write a review based on the results of my experience using this product. I am not affiliated with this company and I never promise to provide a positive review when offered a discount. I tested the product thoroughly so that you may make an informed decision. The views expressed are 100% my own honest opinion and are in no way influenced by the discount that I received.