I had been debating between the Zo-Li On-The-Go Travel Formula & Snack Dispenser and the Innobaby Packin' SMART Formula Dispenser and Snack Case - Sweet Honeydew, iParenting Media Award Winner for Best Products 2007, and ended up getting the Zo-Li because it was the first one to be available (at the time) with Amazon Prime.To be honest, I loved the idea and was so jazzed with the item that I paid NO attention to the size of the container. I just assumed (wrongly, it turns out) that it was a tall and skinny container. I know the containers I currently use for formula (the smaller size of the Powdered Formula Dispenser Combo Pack, although taller!) and was expecting it to be about that size. So you can imagine my surprise when I opened the box and saw just how big the Zo-Li was!! I uploaded photos to show the size...but it is 3" wide and 8" tall!! It's HUGE! I don't remember seeing the dimensions listed in the product information section...but honestly, even if they were, I didn't pay attention because I was just so enamored with this container! As far as it taking up less room than say, the more common Philips Avent Formula Dispenser / Snack Cup, BPA-Free...well, overall it doesn't because it's a bigger container, LOL, but it's a more consistent shape which makes it seem like it takes up less space. But it's not NEARLY the space savings I had anticipated. It's smaller in diameter but about 2.5 times the height!That said, even with the size, this thing is great. It says it can hold formula for an 10oz bottle...and it can! The actual formula dispenser piece just fits on the top-most container (so, if you had formula in other layers, you would just need to rotate layers so the formula was on the top). It would also make a great toy (once empty) since the layers can be mixed and matched in any order.As far as construction...the pieces unscrew VERY easily (it's only about 1/8 of a turn, which worried me--but I tried to pull them apart and they stayed tightly together) and they screw together fairly easily (to be honest, about half the time, I have to unscrew a layer to try and re-thread it correctly). The plastic is very heavy-duty in both appearance and feel. The formula dispenser portion works nicely, but as with any other dispenser, you do have to tap it a few times to get everything out (but since it is angled, everything easily does come out).I do wish it came in a choice of colors (or all clear)--which is one thing I liked about the Innobaby.Overall, I would highly recommend this item!