I have both the Lansinoh and the Medela pumps. I like them both for different reasons, but either one will certainly get the job done. If this is your first time breastfeeding/pumping or your experiencing nipple tenderness, I'd go with the Lansinoh, it is gentler. I think this is because each pump on the Medela is directly connected to the motor by its own independent tubing. The Lansinoh is one tube out of the motor which splits into two after about 18". Full suction on the L is about 40% suction on the M. I've turned the Medela up a little higher a couple of times but always turned it back down! I think the Medela would have just caused more pain when I was first starting to pump. I like the Ls let down cycle more than the Ms. The L also has a better visual representation of the suction where Ms is a dial I find somewhat difficult to read with sleep deprived eyes in the wee hours of the morning. The Lansinoh is also easily battery powered by normal batteries in a built in compartment. You have to buy a separate battery adaptor for the Medela. The Lansinoh is just a touch easier to disassemble for cleaning though it has slightly more parts. The Lansinoh also has a built in timer which I really like.The Medela has it's pros too. Mine is just the pump, not the pump built into a bag, so it is just a little cube, with small Cary handle and side net pockets for the tubing and power adaptor so it's a very neat and tidy little package. I find the Medela easier to use if I'm only going to be pumping one side. The M also has noticeable longer tubing so if your pumping hands free you have more wiggle room in mobility. The biggest benefit to the Medela is being able to use the 2.5oz bottles to pump into instead of the 5oz size. The bigger bottles are just plain discouraging when you just start out pumping or your pumping after a feeding. 1-2 oz in the little bottles just feels like more and more worthwhile or successful than the same volume in the big bottles where it barely makes it to the first measurement markings.I'm glad I have both pumps. I mostly use the Medela to pump once each morning. I use the Lansinoh when I'm going to be away, like pumping in my car in a parking lot.  When I was gone for a three day weekend and had to pump exclusively I took both pumps, used the Medela for the first day and a half, then the Lansinoh. I had similar output using both pumps and as I said, I think the Lansinoh is gentler.The other big difference is that the Lansinoh allows the user to adjust the suction pattern independently from the suction force. It's hard to explain, better to hear but: the L has three settings in addition to the letdown. The letdown is suck/suck/suck with no pause but you can adjust the suction force from low to high. The. There are three pumping levels. Suck..suck..suck..suck again you can adjust the force from low to high. A medium which is more Suuck...Suuck...Suuck...low to high force adjustable. And a high which is more Suuuuck...Suuuuuck...Suuuuuck  also adjustable force. Basically how long the suck is held before release. The slight pause between sucks stays the same. On the Medela, the suck pattern is directly linked to the force, so if you have it on high it's gonna have lots of force and hold the suck for longer, low will have less force and hold the suck hardly at all. The Medela  also has a letdown pattern which is a rapid suck and it's force is slightly adjustable, though I find it more difficult to do.I don't use either the Lansinoh or Medela bottles for feeding. We use the Kiinde Twist bags/bottles which I absolutely love! And they do have an adaptor for this newer large mouth Lansinoh but as of now you'll need to contact them directly to get it, it's not in their kits yet.