Now that I have owned two different Stokke cribs (walnut and grey) for over 3 years, I feel I can give a well-informed review of how the Stokke system transitions and works from bassinet for newborns to crib to toddler bed to junior bed for young children.The Stokke system is designed to grow with your child. This means you get everything you need for the bassinet, crib, and toddler bed in one box. Once you child is older and needs a regular bed, you purchase an additional "junior bed" extension kit, and you are all set. So, if the price seems high, keep in mind that you are purchasing an entire bed system that will take your child from birth to 9 years of age.Here are the highlights, by age/crib size:1) BassinetIn the first days after our little one was born, this bassinet was truly a lifesaver. It was cozy, the round shape helped baby feel save and secure, and the size and wheels allowed us to move the little one from room to room without a problem. We wheeled the bassinet into our room at night for allow for easy feedings in the middle of the night, and then we wheeled it back to the nursery, to the kitchen, or the living room during the day. The bassinet has four well-positioned and very sturdy wheels-- it moved around our home for the first 3 months of baby's life with no problems at all. We LOVED this feature. Also-- the bassinet is sized to easily go through doorways. So, baby can sleep while gently moved if needed. No worries about waking up baby or having a heavy item to move after childbirth. Truly an ideal first bed for baby and parents.2) CribOnce baby is too big for the bassinet, you simply extend it to a crib. I did this myself while my husband was traveling for work. The entire process took less than 20 minutes and I am NOT a handy person : ) It was simple and very straightforward. Everything you need (including the tools) is in the box and included in the price. Again, very simple. As a crib, the Stokke is a lovely oval shape. The look is modern and unique. The rounded ends help baby feel secure and cozy. The slats are all evenly spaced around the crib-- so baby can look out from all angles. The crib can be lowered with multiple settings. As baby grew and developed, we simply kept lowering the crib for safety. At about 2 years old, the crib was at the lowest setting so baby could stand up, but would still be contained within the crib. Again, the wheels are a fantastic and thoughtful feature. We kept the crib in the center of the room, with wheels locked. But I could easily unlock the wheels and move the crib with an easy push in order to clean underneath or vacuum. When the wheels are locked, the crib is STURDY and will not budge. But unlocked, it is easy to move around which is helpful with a messy toddler : )3) Toddler BedOnce baby is able to crawl out of the crib, you remove one section and voila! Toddler Bed! Again, super simple conversion process that I did alone, and it took me less than 10 minutes with all tools included in the box. As a toddler bed, this is truly fantastic. As you will see from photos on the Stokke website, the toddler bed allows for a small opening so the child can get in/out of bed alone. However, the curved shape of the bed means that the child is protected from middle-of-the-night falls and will be safe and secure in the bed. This is a very unique feature that allowed us to skip all the worries of our little one falling out of bed.4) Junior BedWhen your child is too big for the toddler bed and needs a standard bed, you can buy a Junior Bed kid and the Stokke becomes a larger bed that is sized for young children. My guess is that a tall/big child can stay in this bed until 9 years of age.The ONLY drawback for some people is bed linens. They are hard to find and expensive. We solved this by buying king size flat sheets and sewing each of them into 4 crib sheets. Super easy and much cheaper than the Stokke brand sheets.There you have it-- we are so pleased with the Stokke bed system! We own two, and grandparents bought another to keep at their home for sleep-overs. If you watch the prices on Amazon, there are often fantastic deals. This crib system is often sold for up to $1000 in baby stores, but we purchased on Amazon for $700. We own one in walnut-- beautiful, classic finish and lovely wood-- and one in grey-- high quality, safe paint that looks beautiful.Super happy with our Stokke!!!!