We got this a week before vacation and our 5 yr old daughter is estatic about it.She has been playing with it all day riding it, pulling her stuffed animals on it, packing it with her toys. I thought it may be too young for her but I was wrong. She is soo happy to have her own little cute suitcase she can pull along since she always tries to help us pull luggage around on past vacations but was a struggle with them being too tall or too heavy. Now she is proud and also can't wait to be pulled around on it at the hotels. LOL.It is a little small for her riding size. she has to really pick up her feet legs and she is a average sized 5 yr old. But it holds up her weight just fine. I caught her sitting sideways on it with all her weight and tipping it onto the sides of the wheels on the side and I cringed thinking she was going to snap the plastic wheels but they did not budge so I am impressed.Now she has packed up clothing and toys and thinks she is ready to go and plans on keeping it packed until it's time to go in a week LOLWell made but I think the wheels could be made of a stronger thicker plastic like the rest of the suitcase. I like how the sides lock easily. She can also unlock it herself without much trouble at all. The pull strap also attaches to both top ends so you could carry it if you would like. That strap also has little plastic keys on both ends that fit into the locks on the sides. You do not have to take the strap off to use the key. The keys are on a strap of their own that is jsut long enough to reach the locks. Great idea. Though I am not yet sure why the keys just yet as The locks slide up and down to lock them in place. Perhaps they are made for the parents to fully lock the locks so the child cannot push them open on their own as I attmpted to use one of the locks very quickly but was not able to turn the lock in any way but it was only for a second and I did not really try to turn it. I will have to check it out later.You can also but sticker and a saddle for these. But I think the sticker should just come with the suitcase with the price you pay for it. Not that that price is outrageous. I Think it is priced ok for how much the child loves it, the ability to have the child ride on it to make it easy for the parents with hands full of bags.Overall I really like it.