I have been actively trying to potty train my son now for 6 months. He's now 3.5 years old. I followed all the advice about waiting till he's ready, go at his pace, being patient, looking for readiness queues, etc. So at the first sign of rediness I purchased the Summer 3 Stage Potty Trainer potty when he was 18 months. On his first try the pee hit the splash guard and squirted upward make a huge mess and terrifying my son. And to make matters worst he nicked himself on the splash guard when he tried to get up. He then decides that the potty is very bad and absolutely refused to sit again. So as all experts agreed (ie. 4 family members and 1 pediatrician) that we should delayed potty training.He turned 3 years old and I came to the realization that my son was never going to voluntary use the potty because 1 the pull-ups kept him dry and comfortable and 2 his younger brother was in diapers so naturally he wanted to be in diapers. So I decided to give it another go and bought the BABYBJÖRN Little Potty's this time the potty was too small. So I bought the Target brand potty chair also too small and messy. Next purchase was Diego 3 in 1 potty but the guard was too low so the pee went all over the floor. I also bought toilet ring to fit on the toilet and a step and another potty that sings which didn't work either. Bought dinosaur stickers and created Dino potty - that failed miserably. No amount of coaxing, praising nor bribing worked.So finally I purchased froggy potty. Now I am not going to tell you this worked like a charm and he's all trained because we are still locked in constant battle. But I am going to tell you that this is the only one I can live with. As you can gather I have tried a good cross section of what's available on the market. But this one suits my needs for stability and easy clean up. There are no extraneous parts to nick and scratch him and the "eye" splash guard works well. Its comfortable and allows him to sit in a squat like fashion that he prefers.So what's working? Throwing out the pull-ups, taking a week off from work, letting him go commando and having the froggy potty handy - one in the bathroom and one in the van. Oh yeah lots and lots of disinfectant for little accidents. Finally a step in the right direction.UPDATE: 1 1/2 weeks after throwing out the diapers and using the froggy potty my son is fully trained. He has the confidence to do it himself and is no longer terrified of going potty. He goes without being prompted and we were able to start nursery school. This potty is awesome.