I was skeptical of this thanks to some other so-so reviews. But it was cheap, and I like cheap, so I bought it anyway. I'm glad that I did because I'm quite impressed. Yes, it runs on batteries. C batteries to be exact. I wish it just plugged in. But again, it was cheap, so I can buy some batteries every now and again. I'm still on the first set of batteries, so I'm not sure exactly how long they last.I didn't expect to like this so very much!! I live in Florida, and it's very humid here to say the least. Dishes of any type can take all day to dry. Bottles may never dry. But this thing does an excellent job getting them completely dry in just one run with the exception of water that is occasionally stuck around the lip of rings or nipples. I give them a good shake to make sure that no droplet is left behind,  and every now and again there's one stuck. For the most part though, this does an outstanding job of getting rid of bacteria harboring water. The only con is that it's not larger.This will hold eight bottles, nipples, rings, and lids....but only if you like to stack everything like it's a jenga game.  And be ready to play pick up sticks when everything comes crashing down. The ledge at the bottom should be larger to allow all the rings and nipples to stack, but it's not. No big deal though, just buy two if you want or need to dry that many at once. This comfortably holds four bottles nipples lids and rings. Any more than that and you're pushing it. Of course, I like to wash my bottles as soon as possible after use to prevent bacteria building up. so I usually don't have any more than four dirty bottles at a time so one works just fine for me. It's compact, and doesn't take up much space on the counter at all. And I can pop it in the cabinet out of sight when I'm not using it. I like to use this to dry my bottles after sterilizing them. Leaving them wet just begs for the bacteria you just killed to grow back. Kinda defeats the purpose.It's not very loud, a plus when you have a sleeping baby which is the only time you really have time to wash bottles. It may seem like a luxury to have a little machine to dry your bottles for you, but again bacteria grows very quickly especially in a humid environment, and using a cloth or even paper towels or those fancy bottle drying brushes just spreads more bacteria. This is a must-have product for me, and I loved it so much I bought another one for a friend who's having a baby.