I give this seat 5 stars for safety (see below) but only 4 stars total because, as mentioned by other reviewers, the lower seat buckle is too close to the back of the seat for older children.I bought this seat when my oldest daughter was about 6 months old.  It fit (with the base attached) in the back of our Ford Escort satiation wagon both rear and front facing.  It IS very bulky with the base attached, when my daughter was about 2 I got tired of her feet in my back and removed the base.  It's been more than 2 years since I did that, but I do recall that getting the bar out to detach the base was a pain. Once it was off though, I didn't have any trouble getting the seat to sit straight and it wasn't loose.**My daughter fit in this seat with no complaints for several years.  Just before her 4th birthday though we had to switch her to a different seat.  As others have pointed out the lower seat buckle is just too close to the back of the seat, even on the furthest setting.  It wasn't pinching her and she wasn't complaining but it was getting difficult to buckle it.  Luckily by this time we had another little girl who's car seat had the buckle further out, so we just swapped their seats.  We were waiting until our oldest met the requirements to sit in the booster seat and then we were going to switch the seats back again.Last week my husband and our youngest daughter (2 years old) were in our '93 Pontiac Sundance Duster sitting at a stop light when a tow truck rear-ended them at a relatively high speed (35-40 mph), forcing them into the car in front of them.  The car is toast, my husband suffered a concussion and whiplash, and my 2 year old daughter was perfectly fine, not even a bruise.  Honestly I was expecting bruises to show on her shoulders where the straps go, to match the one my husband has across his shoulder from his seat belt, but there was nothing.  I fully attribute her safety to this car seat.I was looking to get a new one to replace the one that was in the crash (car seats need to be replaced after a crash) and am a little saddened to see that it is no longer available.  I am writing this review in case it comes back in stock again.**One note, even when we've had a car that is LATCH equipped I ALWAYS use the seat belt.  I am 5'10" and about 165lbs, I will get one knee in the seat, lean down with all my weight, buckle the seat belt, and pull the strap as tight as I can.  I do this for a couple reasons, (1) I never feel like I can get the LATCH hook on the car seat properly into the LATCH hook in the car and (2) because of this I can't get it very tight. The seat is pretty floppy and loose when I use the LATCH system, when I use the car's seat belt it is always tight, no wiggle at all.  Plus if we're visiting relatives and riding in a different car, I can buckle the seat belt in less than a minute where as trying to find and hook all the LATCH points can take significantly longer.