I love this product. I have a one and half year old and a two and a half year old. I first found the mobi tykelight jr at walmart. I was looking to get a second one when my kids starting fighting over the first one I bought. That's when I discovered this one.It is slightly smaller than the JR and has several different color settings and recharges.I was so excited about the extra features I decided to get this one instead of another JR. Well surprise, surprise the kids then fought over the new one. So I bought two more.One of the additional ones would only turn on to red from the first time we got it out of the box and when it lost it's charge it wouldn't turn on or charge. I have to return that one but 2 out of 3 are working fine.I would give this five stars if it wasn't for the charging problems. Like other reviews have stated, it holds a charge most of the night but definitely needs to be charged everyday. That wouldn't be so bad, but the green light indicating it's charging and the red light indicating it's charged aren't always accurate(I might have switched up what color means what I can't remember right this moment). There is no way to tell for sure if you have it on the base correctly and the slightest bump can stop it from charging.I love the nightlight no matter what but I honestly would rather replace the batteries in the jr every 3 days instead of trying to charge the light everyday and not being sure if it is really charging or not. If it just had a way to lock on the charger so you could know it wasn't moving and would always be charging when locked on... that would be perfect.This is great for any child who tends to pull traditional nightlights out of the wall, a room with bad outlet placing for a plug in nightlight, any young child having trouble with sleeping in the dark and likes to have something to cuddle.Oh and the JR has a harder plastic outside covering whereas this one almost feels like a semi rubbery outside.IMPORTANT UPDATE!!I definitely recommend sticking with the JR version of this. I have had to get some JR nightlights only when my son lost his old one and when his sister started wanting one. This rechargeable idea isn't worth it though. All 3 of the nightlights ended up dieing withing a couple months... they just wouldn't charge anymore. Also the metal contact pin is too easy for the kids to push up inside and thus prevents charging. My husband managed to pull the pin back out only for it to die within a week. I definitely won't buy this nightlight again but I still LOVE the JR.