I bought two of these (one for me and one for my husband or maybe a bottle) because we use several different strollers, and the cup holders sold by various stroller-making companies were rather pricey.  When I first bought it, my son was still in his infant carrier/car seat, so we were using the Snap 'n Go all the time.  I was able to put one or two of these cup holders on the side of it without any problem.When he got a little older, I started taking my son on walks around the neighborhood in a BebeLove jogging stroller, but because of the way the stroller's hand-braking system and front wheel lock are set up, I can only put a cup holder on one side.  It's unfortunate if my husband and I are walking together, and we both want to use a cup holder.For regular outings, we use the Britax Blink stroller, since I can easily fit it in the back of my car without taking up too much space.  Unfortunately it won't work on that stroller, either, if we want to fold it up properly.  It's just too much effort to have to take it on and put it off for what is usually a short shopping trip, especially considering how much time it takes to load/unload kids and deal with strollers and the like without scratching anyone else's car.  Plus a lot of the poles on that stroller are square, which makes it difficult to properly secure the cup holder, so there aren't any convenient places to put it.On the Snap 'N Go and the BebeLove strollers (the Britax stroller does not have a push bar - it's two handles), I was not able to fit this cup holder on the push bar (where you put your hands to push the stroller).  The push bars are too thick to accommodate it.It is true that this cup holder is too small to fit a 32-oz Nalgene bottle, but so are most things.  My car's cupholders are pretty large but still don't accommodate my big Nalgene bottles, so I didn't really expect this cup holder to.  It will hold larger drinks, like 20-oz sodas, though.Otherwise, though, the cup holder works great.  It is insulated, and it swivels using gravity so that if you tip the stroller back to, say, go up over a curb, it doesn't spill your drink.  It is also pretty easy to take off and put back on or loosen/tighten if you need to move it.  The price is right, too, compared to, say, a Britax cup holder!