This potty ring is GREAT!  I bought it because we are trying to potty train my son.  He has a stand-alone potty in his bathroom, but we have a smaller bathroom downstairs which is not conducive to purchasing a separate potty seat.  This one is great.  I specifically love it for two reasons, the hook that comes with it and the tall splash guard.The Hook:  The hook they put in the package, and the mechanism to put the hook through, are both great!  My 23 month old son can easily take this off the hook and put it back on the hook.  The hook clips over the back of the toilet tank, so there is nothing sticky and nothing to install.  I love that we can hide this seat out of sight when not in use.  And the seat clips in easily to the toilet, even on an elongated toilet so it makes installation and uninstallation very easy.The Tall Splash Guard:  My son gets easily distracted when going to the bathroom.  Sometimes he leans back way too far, other times he can't wait to wipe.  This tall splash guard has caught everything so far, without myself or the bathroom floor getting splashed at all!  (Now if I could get my husband not to splash!)  Also, the seat is easily wiped clean with whatever you choose.  So far, no pee has gotten below the seat or between the potty ring and the seat which would make cleaning more difficult.  I believe what they say about easy clean!Overall, I am very happy with my purchase, and have already suggested this seat to friends.  I will continue to recommend it to people I know, and would recommend it to you!Amazon's "Verified Purchase" indicator shows that this review matches an actual product ordered and delivered from Amazon.  I have been working recently to try to write detailed reviews based on my actual  experience with these products, as a wife and mom in her late 30’s.  If you have found this review helpful, I’d love if you’d indicate that below.  This would help me greatly to know if I am making a difference with the effort to write better reviews, and be a better member of the Amazon community of buyers.