Adding this to our B-Agile stroller made it my dream travel system.  I started getting new-parent paranoid about the ill effects of baby spending too much time hunched over strapped into his tiny space capsule seat, and what that might do to his spine, neck, and lungs.  I'm an engineer, I've spent enough time harnessed into uncomfortable crash-worthy seats to know that's no way for my kid to pass his free time.  Sure, this is a not-cheap accessory that li'l junior is likely to outgrow before football season even starts to get interesting, but what can I do?  Not only does this turn our B-Agile stroller into a much roomier mode of transport for taking walks outside for fresh (and to satisfy the dog's needs), but it'll be a great place for baby to hang out during church or other, non-driving time away from home.  That's what tipped me over the edge: the weekend I was contemplating whether I really need to buy one more darn baby thing, I saw another young couple come into church with their infant in the Britax B-Safe car seat, just like we bought, and that's where the kid stayed for the whole hour.  I think our kid's going to spend enough time in a crash seat commuting to day care, so if this attachment buys me a dozen Sunday mornings of feeling like he (or she?) really has room to stretch out and wiggle, it was worth my money.And yes, it really fits in the B-Agile, see my photo.  The European version of the B-Agile is shown in a video on the British version of the website as having an easily removable seat.  For the most part, the seat is just attached to the frame with snaps.  You'll want to download the British manual for reference.  And yes, it's a little snug on the stroller shade attachment, but it's not that bad, not a returnable offense like another review described.If you're concerned about off-gassing foam pads and such, Naturepedic will actually make a custom-sized waterproof organic pad for this bassinet.  Just email or call their customer service to set up an order.  You can send them a paper trace of the pad or just send them the Britax foam pad itself (keep the sheet) -- and if you let them keep the foam pad, they'll waive the $25 shipping/processing fee.UPDATE @ 1 month: Okay, so my desire to let the kid stretch out his neck and spine, that was kind of silly. He spends more time in the Baby K'tan sling than the bassinet, and in there he's all scrunched up like a cannonball and loves it.  He's also much more likely to stay calm in his bouncer than in the bassinet, so really, I'm getting minimal use out of this. Maybe when the weather is nicer, we'll take walks.  So far this has mostly been used like a Moses basket to tote him into the bathroom so my wife can take a shower while I'm at work.  (Note: there is a Moses basket rocker stand that supposedly fits this, could be handy.)UPDATE @ 5 months: Shortly after the 1-month update, the weather improved and my wife started putting li'l man in the bassinet to talk walks outside.  Turns out our son LOVES outside.  This was often the best way and/or the only way to quiet a hissyfit, and pretty soon he'd be conked out asleep from the fresh air and movement. (This didn't work with the car seat in the stroller, as the strapping-in/unstrapping process really ticked him off.)  As a bonus, it got my wife outside, and the cabin fever you can get stuck inside with a crying baby is apparently pretty rough, so getting a walk that puts the baby to sleep is a winning combination.  For those walks and those naps, this bassinet was worth every dollar.  That being said, I folded up the bassinet last weekend and put it in storage to make room for other baby stuff; he's not at the 20 pound limit yet, but when he's out and about he prefers being upright and looking around.  So this thing bought us, I dunno, 15-20 walks that resulted in peace, quiet, and maybe a power-nap during months 2 through 4.  At six to eight bucks a pop...yeah, still worth it, if you want to splurge.