My husband and I purchased the Graco Vie 4 stroller in the Inman Park fabric choice for my 1 year old son.  He weighs about 30 pounds, and is about 33 inches tall... BIG BOY for his age for sure.  This stroller is rated to 50 pounds, which is nice, as it will hopefully last us a while.The pros are that it is easy to fold up and down, and it fits great in the (fairly large) trunk of my 2006 Pontiac Grand Prix 4-door car (or in the back seat upright from floor to ceiling if we have to "crunch"  to allow for more space when traveling).  I love the compartment that flips open on the rear parent tray - it's perfect for keys and things that you don't want to lose.  I also like that it has two parent cup holders so that you and your husband, friend etc. can walk together, and both have your own drink at hand.  Also, the front flip-up child tray has a fairly deep tray for snacks, and a cup holder as well.  The childs tray flips up to make it easy to get the child in and out of the stroller easily.  I love the big wheels too, as it goes through deep gravel/rocks and over rough terrain pretty well, and the basket on bottom is large enough to hold a diaper bag and shopping bags, purse, etc. if necessary (as long as you don't expect two suitcases worth of space).Another really nice feature that we have not yet needed to use is the lay-down of the seat back which lays down "completely flat" for more comfortable sleeping position.  I think that this will be great for long strolls!  The Graco Vie 4 stroller also excepts MOST (if not all) Graco Snug-Ride Infant Car Seats (facing the parent) until the infant is old enough to ride in the stroller seat itself.In my opinion, the one CON that I have found about this stroller though, is that the seat seems to slope downward slightly, and my son slips down a lot.  I always use the seat belt just in case because he squirms about, but he still slips down, and I frequently have to scoot him up.  (AND it does have a five-point seat belt).  Other than that, I haven't found anything that I'm not happy with.  All-in-all, I would highly recommend this stroller to other parents for the price and quality!  In my experience thus far, you can never go wrong when buying Graco brand car seats, equipment, and furniture!!WE LOVE GRACO PRODUCTS!!