First off- I love the shells! They are super cute, come in a variety of colors, and have enough snaps that I can adjust them perfectly to fit my 4 month old son. The elastic around the legs and waist keeps the poop where it's supposed to be. :) I'm not a huge fan of the inserts, though. In order to use these inserts I have to double up, which makes the diapers too thick and it's hard for my son to move around. If I don't use 2 he frequently leaks out and there are wet spots around the legs and waist. I bought some of the 4 layer bamboo inserts from Alva Baby, and they are MUCH better and more absorbent than the microfiber inserts that come with the diapers. I can use just one of them, where I would have to use 2 of the microfiber inserts. I wish I had known that, because I bought these diapers specifically because they came with 2 inserts. So I paid more for them, and the only time I use these inserts at all are when I double up (one bamboo and one microfiber) for naps. Any additional Alva Baby diapers I've purchased I bought the ones with one insert only and then ordered additional bamboo inserts.Other people seem to have better luck with the absorbency of these inserts so maybe my son is just a really heavy wetter. But I would definitely recommend the bamboo inserts over the microfiber ones, especially for heavy wetters.Update:I've been using these diapers with my son for almost 2 years now. I've only had 1 diaper (out of 30 some that I own) that leaked and had to be thrown out. They are definitely holding up to the wear and tear from an active toddler. They still fit him at 30 lbs and 36 inches. My son IS a heavy wetter, and over time I've found that I have to use 2 inserts regardless of whether I use the microfiber or the bamboo. My preference is to layer one bamboo and one microfiber in the diapers and that seems to give maximum absorbency. I stand by my recommendation to buy some of the Alva Baby bamboo inserts. The bamboo inserts still look brand new and don't seem to hold odors as much as the microfiber ones do. Some of the microfiber inserts are starting to show their age and they get a bit matted and junky looking after many washings. I've also found that Alva doesn't seem to sell their diapers with only 1 insert anymore (I can only find diapers with 2 inserts now). I've had to buy LBB diapers to get just 1 insert. As far as I can tell they are the exact same diaper, just with a different name.I still can't manage to get him through the night in a cloth diaper, tho. We have to use heavy duty overnight disposables for that.