After selling the high chair we used for my first and second child but then ending up having another child, we needed a new one.  I looked at a LOT of reviews before choosing a new high chair.  At first I wanted one of the wooden Eddie Bauer ones because of the more adult look, but they got bad reviews.  I hate the ugly kiddie-print high chairs.  So when I came upon this one, which matched my aqua kitchen with espresso-stained furniture perfectly (and isn't an obnoxious pattern), I had to take another look.  No, it's not wood.  But it is significantly more attractive than most high chairs, and the dark brown plastic, plain aqau fabric, and metalic legs give it a more sophisticated look, for sure. (Incidentally, the shade of aqua is a bit more "dirty" than it appears in the picture. It's slightly...darker or greener?)I'm glad I came upon this high chair (make sure you watch the you-tube video on this high chair. It'll win you over!) because this is absolutely the best-designed high chair ever made.  Everything you've ever hated about another high chair, this fixes.  And every feature you could think of if you were designing a high chair, this has.  My favorite features are:1) The tray comes right up to my 7 month old's belly.  There is no room between her and the tray for her to drop all her food. If you're a first time high-chair buyer and you don't look for this feature, it will drive you nuts that you are constantly cleaning up your baby's entire lunch off her now-stained, wet clothing.  This high chair not only fixes that but it adjusts further out as baby grows so you can always keep it right up against baby's tummy.  Brilliant!2) The tray has two layers, one which easily pops off to rinse in the sink (or dishwasher--but it takes up too much room for that in my opnion), and one underneath in case the other one is dirty.  The top one goes right over the edge of the lower tray so that no food gets underneath like other chairs I read reviews on.  (I will say, though, that there is a tiny crack where the two pieces of the lower tray meet--right up against baby's tummy--where wet crumbs can get in if baby puts her hands there a lot.  But it wipes off easily if you wash it in the sink).3) It reclines.  Although neither of my previous high chairs had this feature, and I had no idea why it would matter, I now see the light.  First, it can be used to tilt quite far back in case your baby needs a bottle while in the chair. Or for a baby just learning to use a sippy cup, it can adjust back slightly to give her room to tilt her head back.  This is nice as with my old chairs, my babies had to turn their heads to the side to drink or they would bump into the chair's back. Nice thinking, Maxi-Cosi!4) The height of the chair easily slides up and down to adjust to when I'm feeding her from a chair, or when she wants to "eat with the family" at dinner.  Or if you are tall, or have a counter-height table, it goes up that high. And you don't have to take baby out to adjust it.  Yay!5) CLEANABILITY!!!  How disgusting were the woven straps on your other high chairs after only a few days?  EW.  These straps are flat plastic, not woven, so they don't hold onto food and can be completely wiped down.  In fact, right now we have them removed as our baby is too young to try to stand up.  The top seat cover, for younger babies, is machine washable.  The under seat cover is completely wipeable, with few spots for crumbs to hide, and you can take it off completely, without unfastening anything, bring it to the sink, and give it a thorough wet wipe-down for bigger messes.  Even beneath the seat covers, the base is soft foam that is wipeable.  I'm not sure why this is the only high chair out there where the makers thought through how messy they get and how hard they can be to clean, but they get 5 stars for this feature alone!6) One-handed tray. We don't actually remove the tray often, but we do slide it forward and back to get our baby in and out, and you can do it easily with a baby in one hand.  I wish they'd take off the little dome/cup-thingy on the bottom of the tray.  It's supposed to guide your hand to where the release lever is, but mostly it just confuses my hand.  I'll probably get used it it.Other things you might wonder:*Do the straps fasten/unfasten easily?  Yes.  It does take two hands, or else two steps because there are two sides that meet in the center, but they are easy to do.*Is it comfortable?  Yes!  Made of foam so even if baby thrashes and bangs her head against the back of the chair, she wont' get hurt. (As opposed to that handsome, super hard Eddie Bauer chair).*Does it grow with baby?  Yes.  We have only had it for a couple of weeks, but all elements of it adjust--footrest, tray, straps, height--so I can't imagine it not fitting even a toddler. Other reviewers worried that the hump between the legs (which is awfully close to the back) would restrict older babies.  But to test this, I put my 5 year old in the high chair...he fit just fine!  I guess kids don't get that much wider from front to back right there as they grow. That was my only reservation about this high chair, and that test resolved it.*Does it store easily?  Yes.  We have yet to store ours away, but we do have dinner parties now and then and will like it out of the way.  We've tested this feature out, and I like how the legs fold in for a much smaller profile.  And they do it easily. That's one thing I should add about this high chair:  Everything it does, it does smoothly and easily, whether it's adjusting the chair height up and down, sliding the tray in and out (or off), folding it up for storage, etc.  Everything is made so well!* Does it roll?  Yes.  All four legs are on casters.  I haven't had it long enough to notice if they damage the wood floor, but we don't move it around too much anyway.Do I have any complaints?  Yes, one, but it is minor.  I do wish the tray were smaller. If it were, it would fit in the dishwasher more easily.  And if it were smaller, or more curved on the sides, there wouldn't be gaps on the side of baby for her to drop food down.  I guess that's a hazard of high-chair eating no matter what, but this tray is exceptionally wide.  It's also a bit too deep--fine for an older baby, but some of my young baby's food gets pushed to the back of the tray and she can't reach it.I think that covers it.  Really, this is not only the best-desined high chair I've ever seen, it's the best-designed baby item I've ever owned...period!  Every other bouncy chair, swing, stroller, exersaucer, etc. has always left me wishing it were different in just a few ways.  This one doesn't.  You won't be sorry you got it, I promise! (It comes in red/brown too.)