There are a lot of things we'd do for our young'un: we'd take a bullet for him; we'd give up our cable, internet, and Prime membership forever if we had to--you get the picture.  But, we draw the line at (1) spending our weekends drilling (more) holes in our walls for him and (2) shelling out ~$60 per gate for a "good" gate.  By "good," I mean one that doesn't displace your hips when you walk over it, because it actually has a swinging door or something fancy like that.  With all of the doorways in our house we had to cover, we couldn't do it.  We have the fancy, pet-proof gates for the steps (the Dream Baby extra tall swing closed gates--and we love them), but for everywhere else where it's okay to have a tension-mounted gate, we've gone the cheaper route, and we're okay with that.So, if you're down with that kind of parenting, and if you're still reading, this gate has been our favorite gate.  In fact, we like it so much that we have five of them (several from Amazon and a couple from Target), and we replaced a hand-me-down gate that kept collapsing with another one of these Munchkin gates.Why do we like these gates so much?1)  They're really easy to install.  My wife jokes about needing a tranquilizer just to set up the gates after she had to deal with the Summer's Infant gates and another hand-me-down gate (a simple tension-mounted gate), but these ones are actually really simple to install.  You just have to pull out on a small handle, lift up to "release" it (this allows you to adjust the length of the gate to fit your doorway), place the gate in the doorway very snugly, then push down on the same handle and lock it into place.  I kid you not: my wife has actually been able to put them back up when they have occasionally fallen over (more on that below).2) Related to point #1 above, no drilling required. This means less time spent, less stress, and less ruining of your house (for us, there were no studs where we wanted gates and I don't even know if we could have drilled at those places). Now, of course, you want to be careful with this: it's not the safest thing to have a tension-mounted gate at the bottom or top of steps, for instance (which is why we don't--we know in our case there would be a chance the gates would be knocked over).  But for a safer area of the home, and one in which an adult is supervising the young'uns, we think these are perfectly adequate gates.3) As mentioned, the cost. It was unbelievable how many doors we had to cover, so we were happy to go with this brand at a pretty decent price.What we would change about these gates:1) We are not sure how good of a long-term investment these gates will be. We may find that in a year or so, we will wish we had just bitten the bullet a while ago and done the fancier gates. Our young'un, who is a determined young'un but not even a year old, has already almost breached the fortresses by constantly pushing on them. Who knows what will happen as the months keep passing. In fact, when he knocked over one of our tension-mounted hand-me-down gates for the fifth time, that's when we purchased another one of these gates. (He also likes to alternate between pushing and sucking on the handle of the gate. We're hoping this doesn't unlock the gate to a secret Zelda level or some such....)2) You get what you pay for. It is with a heavy heart that I heave my tired legs over these gates multiple times a day, when all I want is to grab a glass of water from the kitchen, or run to the bathroom. I've knocked the gates over several times because I'm not coordinated enough to think about the bathroom trip plus how not to knock over the gate with my foot. That's because there's no fancy-pants door to open--none of that. So, although I'm happy not to have paid a small fortune on our collection of gates, just think about whether this will bother you. I know that it bothers my wife when she's dressed up to go somewhere and has to decide between hiking up her skirt or popping out her hip. These are fun times we're living in, guys.So, to sum it up, although these gates are not perfect by any means, we find that they're a perfect solution for us right now for this price point.