I bought this changing pad because of the non-skid bottom.  Shortly after ordering it and just after it was too late to abort the shipment, I realized that the most recent reviews, rather than the "most helpful," all said that the changing pad that was shipped appeared to be different than what was advertised because there was no non-skid bottom.  Mine arrived and alas, no non-skid bottom.  I looked on the Simmons website and it seemed that they no longer advertise the pad they sell as non-skid. I emailed Amazon asking about it and instead of responding, Amazon automatically shipped me another one.  I presume customer service assumed the first shipment was a problem with warehouse distribution rather than a problem with the description on Amazon.  This really pissed me off because another review had noted that exactly the same thing happened to her and the second shipment was exactly the same as the first.  To add insult to injury, the second one came with an email saying that I better return the first one within a certain time frame or I would be charged for both.  So, now, I was stuck having to do a return on at least one.  I called and complained and the customer service agent with whom I spoke on the phone was very helpful.  She made some price adjustments that made it worth my while to try the pad anyway and compensate me for the wasted time returning the second shipment.  She also told me she would have Amazon look into the inaccurate description.  Writing this review three months later, the title of the item is still "with non-skid bottom."  I can't remember the exact product page but it does seem that they have edited the product description but to me the title is still misleading.  Perhaps they still consider this bottom non-skid somehow, perhaps they consider the straps to fasten it to the furniture a non-skid bottom, perhaps they just do not have a good system for editing the titles when the product changes.  Whatever the reason, I do not believe that this should be advertised has having a non-skid bottom. That said, I ended up very happy with my changing pad.  I just put some of that non-slip grip shelf liner under it to keep it from slipping.  My daughter absolutely loves it.  Sometimes she will get fussy or cry and I will put her on the changing pad to change her or get her ready for bed and she will start smiling and cooing immediately.  When she went through the really fussy in the evenings period from 4-6 weeks we would feed her on the pad because it was the only way she would eat. Some people have written that they were unhappy that it started to break down around this time.  At 3mo, mine has held up very well so far.  Given the fact that it gets used so many times per day and gets peed on occasionally, if mine breaks down soon too, I won't think it is unreasonable replacement time frame.  The only thing is that I might try the Summer Infant because it looks pretty similar and is a bit cheaper.