I got this pump through my insurance company as one last toy before I end my pumping journey!I'm actually a women's health provider and for years have thought Medela was the BEST as that was the brand we used in the hospital, but now I have been suggesting the S2 to my patients. Medela is still a very good pump, but for the cost, comfort, and comparable product I think Spectra S2 is better.I need to pump efficiently and quickly. I'm full-time working mom of three. I've effectively managed to give my babies only EBM and have donated thousands oz of breast milk. I've used the Medela PISA with the normal flanges and with the freemie attachments, Medela freestyle, and also the Medela symphony hospital grade pump. Yes, I am a pump hoarder, but this is through 3-4 years of pumping.Spectra S2: I started seeing a lot of recommendations from mommy forums about this pump, so I was very intrigued. This pump definately more quiet and more comfortable. This is a hosptial grade pump, capable of pumping single or double. There are two holes up front where you can connect the tubing to. Flanges fit and were comfortable. S2 is a closed system, which is a benefit to reuse, share with friends when done, or resell. I've seen that there is a way to "hack" and use medela tubing and flanges, but I had no reason to do so. Most people shared they did it b/c they want to be able to use all the extra medela supplies. Their tubing is more of a silicone and flexible, then there is this round piece that comes apart and cups together that connects from the tubing to the flanges. I am thinking this is part of the "closed" system. Never have had back flow as I've had in my medela PISA. Digital screen. Start with "massage mode" which is a short shallow mode to stimulate a letdown, and when you have a letdown, hit the "expression mode" to maximize milk output. You can control suction strength to whats comfortable. Pump until no more milk and then hit the letdown aka fast pulse again to stimulate a 2nd or 3rd letdown, yes it's possible, but not everytime. I do get a good output from the spectra in not a very long time span, pretty comparable to when I use the  Medela symphony (hospital grade). I was able to get more output in less time with the hospital grade pumps.Symphony: great pump, but not everyone has access to hospital grade - big/not easily portable. I use this when I occasionally work in the hospital.PISA: It works good, solid reputation. Louder than S2, suction more uncomfortable, but a solid pump and works well. Got a good milk output always. I had AC adapter so I could pump in the car.Freemie: Attached to PISA. I did not get as much  out, but loved that there was not bottles hanging down, which was great for safety. I used this for driving every morning because of the discreet, no dripping, and safety.Freestyle: Loved the portability as it was re-chargable battery. Small. Loud! I would brush my teeth, pump in the car, take on vacation, pump and take care of my kids. Does not get as much milk out as the others, but it's not bad.Breastfeeding is supply and demand, therefore I do pump frequently to maintain my milk supply for when I'm with my baby. I usually pump about 3 times in a 8 hour work day or 4 times in a 12 hour work day. At the beginning I would also pump at night before bed after my baby's last feed. I started pumping a couple times a week at about 3-6 weeks, then nightly after baby started sleeping longer stretches at night.Water, gatorade, oatmeal, dark beer, mother's milk tea, fenugreek, lactation cookies, brewers yeast, power pumping are also other ways to help increase supply.I hope this was helpful. I've been meaning to write a review to be able to help other mamas out there make a informed choice before getting a breast pump. Please LIKE this post if you found the information helpful.