This bassinet is perfect for anyone. Please do not let the overwhelming smell of plasticky weirdness that lasts the first 4 days out of the package hinder you from making this purchase. Just leave it out a few days if it bothers you. This is literally the PERFECT bassinet, and I would say it will last the first year or so of your child's life, depending on size. I had twins, so my babies are not one of those fat babies, but they were both 6 and 7 lbs respectively at birth, so not tiny either. Because I had two, I have even less room in my home to work with and did not relish the idea of spending twice the money for huge necessities like cribs. This solved those issues. Best points:1) It is SO easy to clean. I cloth diaper and my beloved son figured out how to take off the velcro diaper cover while laying in this bed around 2 days after I got it (of course). Don't worry, he had a FULL poopy diaper. Yes, it was everywhere. Yes I took pictures for later sabotage. It was NOT as huge of a pain to clean as I had thought it would be. Took 30 minutes TOPS, and all I used was a wet rag for most of it. Mattress is thin and washes well.2) The double bassinet top is amazing. It keeps things away from baby, keeps baby inside, allows baby to see out into the world OR you can drape a sheet over one side and effectively block out most sunlight/sight without restricting air flow. win-win-win-win. The babies cannot open the zipper if it is up top.3) It holds up to 25 pounds. Now, maybe it's because I have twins, but neither appears to be going to be that big until 1 year old. Which means that unlike other bassinets, this one is effective for longer than the first 3-6 months of life.4) It is effective for sleep training. If you have a baby who you let sleep with you the first few months, this is an effective place to say "this is where you sleep", and they can stay in there and learn to get comfortable with no means of escape.5) My daughter, bless her, is still laying, rolling, and kicking around. My son is a raging inferno of energy, can sit up, can pull himself up, can crawl, etc. This bassinet still holds both very well. It is STURDY and it has never once so much as looked like it even wobbles, nevertheless would tip over even when he is in there shaqting a fool. I think it will be fine until 1 year old or 25-30 lbs.6) Some people complain about the mattress, but I actually don't mind it being so thin, and the babies don't either. I might eventually make a thicker one at my own risk, but really that is what comforted me about it was that there is NO risk of SIDS by suffocation in this thing. When you are a tired parent of multiples, it is nice to have that peace of mind. I usually put a king sized pillow case as a cover for easy cleaning, or wrap a blanket around it, but it is fine to me.7) Not silly or ugly. I bought mine in the pink/gray and blue/gray options. They are very fashionable and cute in my room. They look like futuristic pods, everyone who has seen them has been impressed, I doubt anyone would believe I spent less than a Benjamin on the set.8) Yes, I did catch these on a minor sale, but I got them for LESS than a Benjamin for the two of them (so search around on the web to find a sale!). Anything less than $200 for bedding for twins is a steal, IMO. Parents of multiples, hear ye, hear ye. This one is for you! Parents with a ton of kids already, parents with limited money to spend on a new baby, parents with limited space, this is for YOU!9) SO portable. Can take down or put up in 30 seconds. It is light, and in its folded state is very manageable and flat. We have only had one instance of needing to use it in a hotel, and they fit beautifully and were the least of all our worries. I was grateful to have them then!!! In this case it is BETTER than the pack n play (YES, I said it!!!) for this age group (1 year or less).10) The under-crib storage is actually super useful. It is a simple hammock style, but I have found it useful to hold the cloth diapers in, as well as keep some extra PJs nearby and other small items. The babies realized I had also hid a few pacifiers in there and love to go digging in there to find them.ONLY CON:It has a little strap for clipping the bassinet when down. One strap is obviously inside. The babies are prone to playing with it, as it distracts them, and also it did fray a little. Not enough for any worry, but it's not particularly lovely.I have had mine around 4 months, the babies are 9 months now, and I wish I had bought them sooner. I would recommend having it since day one and having baby nap in there to get used to it even if cosleeping. Not a purchase you will regret.Included is the picture of them initially, but I have since moved them so they both have a side facing a wall. I don't know if you can see, but my daughter is laying down facing how I put her, and my son has turned around and is staring around the room through the mesh.