I have a 7 week old daughter and she loves it! She has been using it for 2 weeks now. We started using it without the waterfall attachment before she paid attention to it. The chair with the vibrating function alone was worth the purchase. It calms her right down when she's fussy.The waterfall attachment is very entertaining for her. When I need to get a few chores done around the house, the attachment really keeps her attention. It lights up and there are spirals inside that spin to make it look like the water is falling. There is a monkey and frog that move and keep her attention. The monkey and bird that hang down give her something to hit with her feet and hands. They also activate the music when put on the baby controlled settings. There is also a continuous setting that automatically shuts off after about 10 minutes. Your child can activate it again by hitting the monkey or bird. There is also a choice between rainforest sounds or music and a volume control.I was against getting a bouncy chair because we already had a swing and I also didn't really want to get one that was so colorful to clash with the decor. I know it's crazy! Anyway I am very happy that I purchased this. My daughter is very alert and it keeps her attention for long periods of time and/or puts her to sleep.Now here is why it didn't get 5 stars:It would be better if the vibrating function also had an automatic shut off.The batteries last about 2 weeks. (2 Ds)The vibrating mechanism started to make a lot of noise which currently is being fixed by adjusting the wire legs. I called Fisher Price and they are sending me a new vibrating piece.It doesn't fold up like the lamb one does to travel with it.Overall-Pros:Great price on amazon.Excellent customer service from Fisher Price.Keeps my daughter occupied.Love the child activated feature.Cons:Vibrating doesn't auto shut off.Goes through batteries quickly (2 ds about every 2 weeks).Doesn't fold up.Vibrating piece started quiet, but is loud after 2 weeks.