There are some reviews on this product that complain about a few things. The first comment I'd like to address is that the pacifier is greasy and smells of rubber. Well, it is rubber, so it will smell of rubber. The rubber smell is very faint in my opinion, and, yes, it is greasy. However, that grease seems more like an oil, it is very minimal and it comes off when you first sterilize the product. It is an all natural rubber pacifier, no need to be concerned about the oily feel. Also, the package specifies that you MUST completely inspect your pacifier for any defects or tears before use. It also says to pull the pacifier in all directions to ensure it is strong. Should any parts tear or show signs of weakness, do not use. One customer review I read, a woman said she boiled her pacifier for 20 minutes, stored it in a container with other pacifiers in a cabinet. Then when she went to use it next time, it was completely white and had mold. There are two reasons this happened, Natursutten makes it clear to never sterilize your pacifier for more than five minutes. You do not boil them, you boil water, then submerge the product in the hot water for five minutes and let it completely cool and dry. Should you not let it completely dry and store it in a container in a dark place, it will grow mold, most things will. Another customer stated that he pacifier began to tear after only having it for a few months. Natursutten also says to replace your pacifier every six to eight weeks. This means, less than two months. If you are not willing or able to purchase a new pacifier every six to eight weeks, then this product may not be for you. You should also inspect your pacifier before each use for any tears or signs of weakness, for your child's safety. Lastly, I have seen a few reviews complaining about the nipple getting stuck to the round part of the pacifier in the middle of the night. If the pacifier falls out of your child's mouth and they roll over on it and the nipple gets stuck, I understand that can be frustrating, however, that is not the manufacturer's fault, in my opinion. I personally am a light sleeper and check on my children, even my older children, throughout the night when I wake, so that should not be a problem for me. Also, I held the nipple down firmly several times for a few minutes and it never got stuck. Maybe if the pacifier is older and already needs to be replaced, the wear and tear allow the rubber to become sticky and the pacifier should be replaced. Overall, this is a good product, it just needs to be taken care of and replaced often. I personally like it a lot and feel it is a great alternative to other pacifiers because it is all natural rubber. I definitely think if you want this pacifier, you should try it for yourself and see how it works for you and your baby and always follow the guidelines; not only for the safety of your child but for the best outcome of the product.