This little baby monitor has been useful but there are a couple things that annoy me enough to dig it a star. I have been using it since my son was born 12 months ago. We are still using it because it's just a backup to the Dropcam we use and it's good enough for that.The BAD NEWS:1) It goes nuts when we use the microwave (yes, tried different channels). I believe it is because our nursery is directly above the kitchen and the transmitter is too close to the microwave. My mother-in-law has this same monitor for when the grandkids come over and she has noticed some interference but nothing like ours. So if your microwave is close to where you're going to put the receiver, you might want to look for another option.2) It goes nuts if it's too close to your phone (yes, tried different channels). I keep my phone charging on my night stand so I can get to it in the middle of the night if I need to. I also keep the monitor on the night stand. It's not a big night stand so it's hard to keep the monitor away from the cell phone. It will seem fine and then at like 4am my phone will decide to send/receive some data and the monitor will get angry and wake me up!3) Volume control. This may be nitpicking but it annoys me how 1/32 of a turn can make a huge difference (but only near the loudest seeing of the dial). The volume will be just a little too quiet, so I will just nudge the dial a little bit but some times it turns it up so loud that it hurts my ears.The GOOD NEWS:1) It's solid. The transmitter is lightweight but seems well constructed. The real story is the receiver. My wife is clumsy and has dropped the thing several times in the last 12 months. It can take a beating like a champ.2) It's simple. Setting up a channel with 3 colored switches is brilliant. It's pretty fool proof.3) It's loud! If you're outside or in a noisy environment, turn this sucker all the way up to 11 and  you're gonna hear it. Remember to turn it down when you get back to a quiet area or you might just poop yourself when your kid screams.4) Good value for price.5) Rechargeable. I keep it plugged into the wall at night and then have it on almost all day long without plugging it in. I've left it on for 12+ hours and I have never run out of juice.6) Voice activation. It's not overly sensitive, which is a good thing. I don't need it to click on when my baby rolls over. Sometimes he talks quietly to himself and that doesn't trigger it either. It's about 10 feet from the crib. When he cries, it clicks on without issue. And when were are lucky enough that he just woke up for a second and goes right back to sleep, the receiver clicks off. This feature is really good for us because there is a ticking clock in the nursery and without this it would drive us nuts.7) Good range. We have a two-story ~2000 sq.ft. house and it works everywhere inside the house. It also works fine anywhere on our lot but that may not be saying much since the front and backyard aren't that big.Have question? Ask me!