I read countless reviews and tried 6 different diaper bags before finally finding this one.  These 6 diaper bags don't include the $164 timi & leslie bag I tried in the store.  Incidentally, based on Amazon photos, this bag seems to look identical to the $175 Storksak Olivia bag.  One day, I decided to borrow my husband's bag (Fischer Price Backpack Diaper Bag), and I discovered the usefulness of "stroller straps" for hooking the diaper bag to the shopping cart when out shopping.  The hands free aspect of carrying a backpack was also nice, but it just wasn't fashionable... I had a very difficult time finding a bag that was large enough on the inside to hold everything I wanted to carry with me - including the Deluxe Fold and Go Diapering Kit and all of my personal items so that I don't have to carry a purse - AND that had stroller straps... until I found this bag.  This bag has great pockets on the inside and the outside - the outside pockets being key - and it comes with a generously sized, wipe-clean changing pad (which I don't actually use because I use the Fold & Go).  All-in-all, it is super-roomy & super cute - the best of both worlds for a great price of only $50 (often on sale for much less)!If you're considering other bags, I can personally tell you that this bag has MUCH more space than the Skip Hop Studio, Skip Hop Versa, and the Carter's Everyday Microfiber Tote Bag.I'm the type of mom that has to be prepared with everything, so here's what I have in my diaper bag:* 2 burp cloths* Toy/paci wipes* Wet Ones hand wipes* Small bottle of hand sanitizer* 2 purse packs of tissues* Keys* Compact digital camera* Cell phone* 7" tablet* Clean shirt for me* One-piece outfit for baby* Receiving blanket* Nursing cover* Deluxe Fold and Go Diapering Kit (which has in it 3-4 diapers, several diaper sacks, a wipes case full of wipes, and a small tube of diaper rash cream)* 2 zipper cases with all of my personal items: checkbook, coupons, emergency feminine products, pwriting utensils, business card case, tiny prayer book, 1 month's church envelopes, all of my "membership" or "discount" cards and insurance cards, gift cards, a wallet with all my store credit cards, small mirror, travel hairbrush, scrunchies, lip gloss, small bottle of hand lotion, glasses lens cleaning cloth, concealer (make-up), eye drops, nursing pads, travel pain & sinus medication.* Full-sized wallet with a checkbook* 3 "back-up" diapers* TOYS: Zipper container of bath-squirter-type toys (they make good silent toys for church), Sassy's "My 1st Photo Album," tiny "taggies" blankie, rattle, 2 plush finger puppets, set of rings, and wooden bead toyIf traveling or going out to the store for over an hour, I also carry...* Insulated zipper bottle pouch w/full bottle, nipple, & ice pack* Tommee Tippee travel bottle warmerALL OF THIS FITS IN MY CARTER'S ZIP-FRONT FASHION TOTE DIAPER BAG with some room (albeit, very little room) to spare!One of my favorite things about this bag is that it has so many pockets... Inside it has 1 zipper pocket, 2 elastic diaper-sized pockets on each side, and one side has 2 mesh elastic pockets on top of the diaper-sized pockets.  It also has super functional outside pockets - a large pocket in the front and back and a "wrap-around" pocket on each side, as well as a huge zipper pocket (accessible by either zipper on the front - this pocket is really only good for holding flat items, like hand wipes).  And, of course, it has easy-clip stroller straps!Happy shopping, but if you ask me, you can't go wrong with this bag!