I'm a little torn on giving this a 3 or 4. I think 4 is fair since I would've ranked my first experience 5. My first experience with the thumb guard was with my daughter who was 6 at the time (last year). She had managed to stop her daytime thumb sucking around 5 but not night. Our dentist recommended it. The first week, if not two, were difficult on us all but she eventually managed to stop thumb sucking at night. She's 7 now and hasn't relapsed. It worked so well for her that we decided to purchase for my son. His habit was always worse than hers. He is 4 and 40 lbs so we purchased the medium size. He cried for 30 minutes and became silent. I noticed that he was able to squeeze his thumb out of the guard. So every night (we're still under 7 days) he takes his thumb out to get to sleep. It's disappointing, but I think I read another customer had a similar experience. With that said, I'm still pleased with purchase because he is able to decrease his daytime thumb sucking, and this is still progress. I should also note that it doesn't appear that medium is too large because the band is set on the 2 setting.  I'll call the company to confirm and change my view if it's the wrong size.I think the product is still worth trying before going to more expensive measures. If he can stop his daytime sucking, I will purchase the large one for night time later.  My daughter tried to take it off but couldn't. I'm not sure if he's stronger or if his thumb is more flexible since he's younger. The product is sold in a pair. But if I purchase the large one later for night time, I will order 1 from company in case he can take it off. I think two is helpful because my daughter starting sucking her other thumb at night. It was only for one night since she didn't want to wear both guards, but you never know how your child will respond. The second benefit is that you have a backup already clean. In our case, my daughter had chewed one down pretty badly so we had to discontinue using for sanitary reasons.Overall, I'm still satisfied. My son sucks his thumb all day long. Getting rid of daytime thumb sucking is still something to celebrate, and that has become our new goal.Dec. 29, 2015--I'm changing my review from 4 stars to 5 stars.  First reason: After I submitted my first review, I went to the companies website and realized they had a 30 day guarantee so I contacted them. They quickly responded back asking me to send pictures. It was recommended that I try a smaller size so they sent me a smaller size. My son couldn't take it off, but he soon learned he could slip his thumb out if he wet his hands. This was discouraging but I talked with him and told him not to wet it again. This was the first night. Long story short, I give five stars because of the 30 day guarantee and the customer service is excellent at helping resolve any issues.Second: we encouraged my son to not wet the TG (that's the only way he could slide his thumb out). He wore the TG for 33 days before begging us to sleep without it. The first night, I think he slipped it in his mouth briefly but it's been more than a month later and he has not sucked his thumb. We noticed a change with the daytime sucking in 3-5 days so we just used it at night.Bottom Line: I recommend to try this product. Customer service is responsive and helpful. I wasn't sure if it was going to work with my son in 40 days so I was prepared to purchase more bands and continue past 40 days. I'm thankful we don't have to do this. He doesn't want to wear the TG so I think this will help if there is any regression. Also, we used both TG's for half the time until we were confident he would not suck the other one.