Okay, this is not a "perfect item".  I admit I am giving it 5 stars because my child really enjoys this item and I have been really pleased with it.  Honestly, I really think you need this item and I want to off-set its bad reviews. I hope my 5 star rating will convince people it is really cool! While it might not fit perfectly on your stroller, we have a Graco Metrolite and we have made it fit just fine.  The first time my child saw this thing, at about 4 1/2 months, he squeeled with excitement - I guess due to the bright colors.  We attached it to the stroller with the toy part leaning forward, towards him, because he was too small to reach it in the upright position.  At first he could not reach all of the toys, but then again he was too young for the real age recommendation.  It was not long before he could reach everything, with the bar leaning forward, as I mentioned.  At 10 months he can reach everything even if we install the bar upright.Now, our stroller does have a little piece that "locks" it together when it is collapsed, to make it easier to put away. With the stroller bar on the stroller, you cannot "lock" the stroller together. However, it does not matter that much to me.  I figure that is the trade-off to having this toy and we can still store it in the small hall closet or in the trunk of my "smallish" car without much problem.  If I really want to store it with the "lock" being used, I can simply remove the toy bar, put it in the basket underneath the stroller, and then simply attach it again when we use the stroller. It is very quick and easy to attach - no biggy at all!The best thing about this toy is it turns a stroller into another large activity type toy - you know, like an exersaucer or something.  It gives my baby something different to play with when we are out and about, thus it is exciting to him. It really helps to keep him entertained and he enjoys it a lot.I am usually one of the first to be critical of a product, infact I seem to dislike some products that are actually very popular.  If something is not easy to use, then I typically don't like it. I am lazy and I like convience.  But honestly this is one of my very favorite baby items!  I would definitely recommend it and buy for a gift, without hesitation!  (I did see that Target.com sells a soft version of this item which might make it easier to "lock" the stroller together when it is collapsed, however some of the reviews were not good on that item either, so I don't know  if it is the answer).