I'd like to start off by saying that I have My Breast Friend, as well as the Boppy Travel pillow and this is by far my favorite one! I originally bought the MBF (still hate the name) because of great reviews online, and I'm finding myself the minority in terms of how much I like it.. as in I don't love it. Now everyone is shaped differently and every baby is different, so the best thing to do, if you have the option (ie. friends that have different pillows for you to test drive, or a place that will let you try in store before you buy) then do try different ones out that will work for you and your baby. For reference, I'm 5'2" and about a size 2 to 4 currently with still a bit of baby belly as I'm writing this review. So here are the main differences/usefulness I can think of between the three:My Breast Friend: This worked well when my baby was smaller (less than 2 months) and I was able to position her on it, and use the little head bumps for support. Unfortunately she got a little too long, so her feet are hanging off it, and she has a funny posture/postion now that prevents her from using the bumps and her head keeps falling back off the bumps and unlatching during feedings. I also found the thickness of this pillow not useful enough and had to get an extra blanket to prop baby up higher. Please keep in mind I do not have a long torso at all, so I'm not sure why it sits so low for me. I didn't mind using it when I was sitting on the bed or couch, but if I wanted to sit at my computer and do stuff it was awkward and annoying. I have a rather large computer chair with arms, if that helps. Some people like the thick foam back support, I didn't find it worked for me. I washed the cover several times and it no longer fits the pillow anymore, it's off all over the place, but doesn't affect the way you use it. I just don't like that all the seams are off. I wouldn't recommend this pillow, nor would I buy it again, with what I know now. But that's just me.The Boppy Travel Pillow (in mama dot/green): the PROS: Love this for travel since it zips up like a bag and doesn't scream "I'm a nursing mommy! And there's a little side zippered compartment that you can put a few small things in. Like the original Boppy, it doubles as a sitter, so it helps keep baby a little propped up whenever needed. I've taken it on outings in case I need to feed in the car or at relatives homes, and I look forward to taking it on the plane when we travel with baby in a couple of months.  Now, the CONS: It's a little flatter than the regular boppy, and smaller from what I gather, and keeping it zipped up makes the middle a little flatter since it pushes the stuffing to the sides. The zipper isn't that sturdy, I've already seen a small seam start coming out. The straps and extra fabric flap can be cumbersome and perhaps a little annoying if you're the type who doesn't want to fuss with extra things. I don't mind it. The only thing I don't like is the positioning of the velcro on the flap - if you're not careful and you're wearing something nice you risk snagging it. I don't regret this purchase, as it does come in handy.Now for the review on the actual pillow this review was meant for! The Boppy Nursing Pillow in Thimbleberry:The reason I like this, is the thickness (I'd say about 7") and depth of it is perfect for my little one! The option to use the soft or foam side is nice, as well as the strap. So far I've been using the soft side and it hasn't gone flat yet, she sits comfortably on it without rolling off or into me or between me and the pillow like other reviewers stated. I like that there's a strap option, which unlike the MBF, is just a small single strap so I don't feel like I'm selling popcorn, or wearing  a table (as my husband laughed at me the first time I strapped that one on), and it doesn't get in the way when I sit in my computer chair, since all the bulk is in the front, nothing in the back. You can remove the foam part and throw it in the wash. The color is nice and neutral, and although there aren't cover options yet (it's relatively new) I've taken to using a folded towel and receiving blanket over each pillow whenever I feed, to catch the extra milk, spitup or vomit (the joys of parenthood!). This would be my first choice for a feeding pillow, it's perfect for us! Baby is actually napping on my lap as I write this, and she looks like she's having wonderful milk dreams! ;)As a first time mom, I've been buying and trying all sorts of new products for my little girl, and I hope this review helps other people in the process of selecting the perfect nursing pillow, as it can get expensive! But as I said, everyone is different so if you can...... try before you buy!