Got this seat for my daughter who had outgrown her infant seat.I started looking around for a good seat which I will not have to change soon, i mean, something which changes all the way to a booster as she ages .. and this one good enough for the price (around 80) I got it for .. all others were around the range of 100+. I was not sure about the color when i ordered itThe package arrived on time as promised and it was a huge package. I had to go through the manual to see how to adjust the various belts and also on how to adjust the height of the belt. What I liked about the harness was that the height could be adjusted. My girl is of average height and the default size for the harness was set at the topmost level and so it would not fit well. So I changed the height and it worked pretty well. It was  bit tough for me to figure out how to change the height because the thing that is at the back that you need to pull is a bit tight and refused to move. So I thought maybe I was pulling at the wrong one :-) ..the color also was great because kids tend to drop all sorts of things on the seat. The color is pretty dark and the these normal stains are not seen. Most of the covers seem to be removable and I think you can wash it too even though I haven't done it yet.I also had to read the manual to figure out how the seat needs to be fitted in the car. I realised that you need to pass the belt in between a section at the back of the seat. There is additional belt at the top for more stability and it works well in my sedan because it has a place to attach it. But in my minivan, that attachment is useless. So the seat does seem to be moving a bit. You really have to pull hard to tighten it and still it does not seem to be tight enough ..We brought this during the winter days and the harness was loose enough to fit my daughter along with her jacket .. First when i tried it wasit difficult to fit her with the jacket and that is when i reaslised that the height was also not right .. when i adjusted the height of the harness, it was no longer very tight and we could fit her easily and tighten it .. not sure what would happen when she grows a bit more and whether she would still fit with her jacket on ..Overall I am satisfied and have been using this for the past 6 months. My daugter also seem to be happy to face the front and look around and see her parents driving the car rather than looking at the ceiling or the back window as it was the case in the rear facing seat ..