We purchased this car seat (in the Roxy style).  I did A LOT of research on car seats prior to purchasing. There are many things that we love about this seat, but recognize that this seat is not for everyone.  Here are a few things to consider:1) Seat accomodates up to 30 lbs. (versus the 22 lbs. of a standard seat)We loved the fact that this seat holds to 30 lbs. and 32 inches long versus most seats that only accomodate a child up to 22-24 lbs.  The longer a child can be in a backward facing seat, the safer it is for them.  Many of my friends had 9 lb. babies and had to purchase another seat before their child was a year old because they had outgrown the standard car seat. My daughter was small at birth (4 lb.s 11 oz.), and although she looked tiny in the seat, it supported her small size just fine.  Plus, since she was small, she'll be using this seat for a LONG time!  The downside is that this seat weighs more than the average carseat.  You should consider that the car seat alone weighs 15 lbs.; once you add the weight of the baby, you could be getting a good work out.  For some, this is a deal breaker, however we haven't had a problem with it.  Our child is now 9+ lbs and the seat+baby weighs around 24 lbs. total.  I manage to carry her easily between the car and house and into quick stops at stores.  I realize that this will become increasing more difficult as she gets bigger, which is why I highly recommend purchasing the Graco Infant Snugride Car Seat Frame to use w/this seat.  It is our ONLY stroller, the seat fits perfectly into the frame and it's lightweight, making it very easy to haul around and overall a bit smaller than most other strollers (easy to maneuver in stores).  I LOVE it.2)  Will the seat fit in your vehicle?This is a common concern for many considering the SafeSeat.  I highly recommend visiting a store that will allow you to take the store model out to your car and see how it fits.  We drive a 2001 Subaru Outback and 2003 VW Jetta and the seat is installed in the middle (the safest location) in both cars.  Passengers can still ride in the back seat next to the baby, but it is a snug fit.  I wouldn't want to travel a far distance, but quick trips are completely reasonable.  We don't have other children, so space for other seats is not an issue for us.  I did have to slide the passenger seat slightly forward in the Jetta to fit the car seat, but it is not uncomfortable for passenger.  If you place the seat directly behind one of the front seats, you will have to move the seat more forward than if you place the seat in the middle.Other things that make this seat worth purchasing:1) Seat easily snaps into the car seat base and is easy to remove by pulling one lever.2) Seat offers a large adjustable canopy (however the Roxy version does not offer a window.3) Seat upholstery is removable and machine washable. This came in handy after one unfortunate diaper explosion.  The upholstery held up very well in the wash and you can't even tell it was washed.  Looks great!4) 5-Point saftey harness is easy to operate and can be easily  lengthened by pressing one level to quickly remove child.5) Carrier handle is padded, comfortable and ergonomic.6) Seat upholstery offers lots of padding for a comfortable ride.7) Offers EPS foam liner for additional safety in the event of an accident.Highly recommended!