We are first time parents and our little one surprised us with colic starting in week 3.  She would flail her arms all over the place and make herself inconsolable.  After reading the "Happiest Baby on the Block," we took up swaddling.  It made a huge difference and allowed her to focus, eat, and at least we could keep her calm.  Desperate for sleep and to avoid the nightly meltdown, I bought several swaddle blankets to try out.  Below are the pros and cons of the three most common blankets - I hope this helps someone!  Note, our little girl is a major mover.  She wriggles, flails, and moves all over the place, so if there is any way to get out of a blanket, she will do it.  She also loves to suck on her hands and if they get anywhere near her face, she desperately tries to get them into her mouth (even when she was 3 weeks old, when they don't go where she wants them to).Miracle Blanket (MB):- Pros: Most resilient swaddle, easily lasts all night.  I wasn't sure about the arm flaps but when you tuck them beneath the baby's back, they are not going anywhere.  This is best if you want to keep your baby's arms straight down (recommended in Happiest Baby) - this worked best for us when she was super fussy and having a crying fit.  One size fits all.  Although you wrap the end around the baby several times, the fabric is thin and fine for warm climates.- Cons: Night time diaper changes are challenging.  With some finesse you can get the baby's legs out without fully unwrapping them - but it's not easy.  Of the three blankets, this has the most steps required to wrap baby.- Summary: truly a baby straightjacket.  This one wraps her up and she cannot get out of it.  Keeps her arms down and away from her face so that they cannot distract/frustrate her.  #1 choice for when she is super fussy.SwaddleMe:- Pros: Easy to wrap baby.  Velcro keeps the blanket together.  Night time diaper changes are somewhat easier because the bottom section can be unvelcro-ed.  Still a lightweight fabric, less layers than the MB.- Cons: not as secure as the MB.  Our baby is on the small side and despite pulling the blanket tight and the velcro, she can work her arms free and get them up to her face - where they frustrate her and the crying starts again.  Other con - velcro is noisy and tended to wake her up at night, so discreet diaper changes didn't happen.- Summary: good for mild babies or as a loose blanket alternative but not a tight swaddle to stop fussy babies.  I liked this one the least.- Note, we also tried the swaddle me pods (they look like peanuts and have just one zipper) for newborns and she hated being zipped into it.  Her arms were free to move around and get near her face and it didn't work at all.ErgoBaby:- Pros: Super easy to get baby into.  Arm pockets are nice and secure.  Bottom section pulls down for easy diaper changes.  Least amount of fabric because the bottom section is loose and allows air to circulate - good for warm climates.- Cons: Because the arms are folded up across the chest, baby can still gnaw on her hands, which means distraction/frustration.  I often woke up to find her crying and trying to suck on her hands through the fabric - all while still being asleep.  Shortest design, meaning baby quickly outgrows.  Lower velcro section is designed to keep their legs in a "frog position."  Our girl loves to move her legs so I just didn't velcro this piece and it worked just fine.- Summary: #2 choice for when she is super fussy, #1 choice for mild fussiness or for generic use because of the ease of putting her into it, she can have her arms near her face, and ease of diaper changes.We alternate between the MB and the Ergo Baby when she is fussy.  If she is having a good day, we swaddle her in a blanket and let her kick out of it if she wants.