I have been using 2 alva diapers in my stash for over 2 months now and can compare them to BumGenius pockets (4.0). The BumGenius are better quality materials but are double the price. The alvas have cuter designs and seem a bit easier to get clean to me. They also retain detergent quite alot like Bumgenius though. They also have a better fit than BumGenius diapers because of the extra leg button. My baby's legs were proportionately too small for his large abdomen so I could not use my BumGenius until he was over 10 lbs whereas I was able to use the Alvas right away. I can't yet say how long the expensive BumGenius will last but I am guessing that they will not make it to potty-training for my son who is well ahead of the growth curve and will certainly be more than 35 lbs by then. Also, I have had a lot of trouble getting all pocket diapers clean ever since I have started. Don't believe all the ratings you see online about how easy it is to get these things clean--especially if you have hard water and a front loader. The constant washing, stripping, using bleach, and for me, Borax, will shorten the length of your pocket diapers so perhaps paying less for them and just assuming you will have to replace them before potty training is a smarter path to follow. To be honest, I regret buying any of them. I have had so much trouble getting them clean and seem to spend more time with my diapers than with my baby. But as far as pockets go, these are fine, and I really like them .The fact that they are cheaper make me feel less stressed about using harsh cleaning products that I need to to get them clean, such as Borax. It just doesn't work for me to only use Bleach once a month and no other products other than detergent. Even when I use a neighbor's top loader!I have stopped using my frontloader on my diapers period .I currently am purchasing cotton products from Green Mountain Diapers that are easier to wash and many many times cheaper and hoping to get rid of all of my pockets because I am tired of all the cleaning. Cotton products also do not require specialty 20-dollar detergents.  another huge plus!Currently, with no poopy diapers I do a prewash on heavy, then do a hot wash on super and heavy with 3 tbsp BumGenius (I have soft water towards the harder end) and 1 tbsp Borax and 3 rinses. With a poopy diaper in there, I have to do 2 hot washes but will use only 2 tbsp the 2nd wash.All in all if you don't have issues getting yours clean in your water I recommend these diapers for their sizing and cute prints. They also seem very comfortable and I have not had too many leaks (I get leaks when there is detergent residue but that is not the diaper's fault). These fit better than BumGenius and may be a little easier to clean.