I really could have used a plain-jane playard, like with my first child (now 18 months) but I found that I REALLY wished it had a canopy, so I purchased this one for my now 5 month old.PROs- Very simple to set up. If you follow all the directions, it will be up in about 25 minutes- Sturdy, nothing broke off or fell off. My 18 month old can even stand in it without breaking it- The changing table (although I thought wouldnt be used) is great because it flips up and over (the Graco model like this was WAY too extravegant) and its comfortable... trust me, you will thank the flip version!- The bassinet is sturdy, and low enough that my baby (premie) is still inside of it. Its a full sized one too- It wheels around and I have managed to fit it through our doorways- The canopy is TERRIFIC! For the first 4 months while in our room, this blocked him from the sun AND a very curious toddler! The animals are adorable, and actually colorful- I love that everything fits into the bag provided, EVERYTHING! Its also lightweight and easy to bring on flights, or to grandmas- The playard folds in minutes, and goes up the same. Its still strudy and easy to use.- I like the storage, I can fit diapers, wipes, creams, pacifiers, toys, the carrybag, and a few blankets in the various pockets.CONs- Its a bit too "frilly" for my taste. The dustruffle also attracted DUST and my cat enjoyed hiding underneath it. I removed it as well, after finding several bottles and pacifiers underneath the playard- There is no music or vibrations (atleast in ours). We had to use the music from something else, which was a really annoying hassel.- I wish that it had an actual mobile, that would spin to entertain my baby- The bag doesnt have a handle, this is VERY annoying and even after trying to attach our own, it falls off and is hard to carry.- Its NOT NOT NOT for the beach or the park! I have to use the old playard (colorful Graco model, just the bottom pen) because this is a nightmare to clean (unless if its just being used on the deck or something)- This is the same with nearly ALL playards, but you cannot securly attach crib toys, or really any toys for that matter onto the playard for entertainment... I dont know how well it will be for "playing".All in all I really love this Playard, and I will defiantly be keeping it. With a few improvements, this would defiantly be the only one to get.