I wish I had bought this when my son was little!  It has grown with him and could have had some good use when he was a a newborn.  My son was almost 5 months when I got this.  He wasn't a fan at first but he was getting bored and learning to sit on his own so he needed some activities or as we called them "stations".  I used this as one of his stations and would move him to 4 different things throughout the day as his boredom developed.  I first put him in this for only a couple of minutes with the red legs out so it didn't wobble, and he'd cry pretty fast but within a week he was tolerating it and for longer, then he started to realize that it could be fun!  Soon, he was staying in it for half hour and I took the red feet for stability off and he could rock it, which helped with his balance too.  He loved the iguana that lit up by just moving in it - very little needed for it to start lighting up and singing, so good for a young baby that didn't understand how to manipulate everything.  He then learned of the butterfly thing that I thought would be useless and stupid.  He spent hours pulling on it and chewing it.  He would knock the lizard pieces out but never really pushed the buttons.  He also would play with the parrot. As he got a bit older, he started to play with the "world" and it's button - 3 of them that are for a, b, and c.  The buttons play music and if hit again say a is for ape... Then as he got bigger (7.5 months or so), he learned he could jump in it (has springs) and he would get the hole thing shaking and moving and would scream happiness at it.  The hanging animals that seemed useless would swing, the iguana would light up, the "pieces" of the lizard would knock together and it was so noisy and fun for him - he'd smile huge and laugh, and hold on to the world pushign buttons.  He even  would manage to get it to move a few feet!  He finally discovered those hanging animals and started to pull on them and manually push them and pull them and try to eat them (teeth).  The koala got a little tear from his pulling but that is his doing.  Around 9 months he stopped enjoying it as much but he had just discovered crawling and hates being contained.  I still put him in it if I need to do something and he needs to be contained, or if I feed the puppy (baby likes to turn the bowls of food and water over and try to eat the dog food).  But the baby loves to watch the dog eat so he gets happy after a couple squirms of protest.  So at 10 months he doens't enjoy it like he used to but it got a good solid 4 months of regular use and now I will take it apart for him to play with as a toy he can stand and use.  He pulls himself up constantly and falls and I read this isn't very sturdy when seperated into it's third stage so I am just waiting another month or so until he stands a bit more easily without falling and hurting himself.Overall I LOVE this toy and have no complaints - it grew with him and that is great and made the price okay for me to pay.  My son loves it too, which was most important.  I can't find anything wrong with it - I guess it could use a coupld of changes to the parrots that sit under the palm tree -- they are boring and didn't get much play time.