We have a one year old, who is still in rear-facing seats, but using “borrowed” infant car seats for both mine and my wife’s vehicles. We are about to work on baby #2, so we had to consider both “Infant needs” as well as from “Toddler” on to “Booster” to accommodate both kids.We have to give the borrowed infant seats back to their owners, so we spent a lot of time on Car Seat research, since we now need two new seats for our 1-year old (again, still rear-facing), as well as when we have a newborn soon. We factored in quite a few different wants, needs, and features, both from our experience during the first year, as well as for our expectations down the road. We decided there are basically (4) stages our children will go through that would require different car seats during each:a. Stage 1 – Infancy and first 1-2 years, which is when they are “rear-facing.”b. Stage 2 – Toddler, which is when they are “front-facing” for the first time.c. Stage 3 – High Back Boosterd. Stage 4 – Backless BoosterWe searched forever for a seat that would accommodate ALL FOUR stages, but unfortunately did not find a single one. Instead, and at best, there were several different “3-in-1” seats, but we had to choose from either a seat that fit the first 3 stages, or a seat that fit the last 3 stages, but none that fit all 4.Financially speaking, the Stage 1 infant car seats were among the most expensive ($150-$250 each), but the Stage 4 backless boosters were a mere $25 each, so that made our decision easy … we would hunt for the best all-around car seat that fit the FIRST THREE stages, and then just buy a backless booster 4 or 5 years down the road.We looked at every model we could (Graco, Britax, Recaro, you name it), but ultimately it came down to three models that we decided between:- The Maxi Cosi Pria 70 w/ Tiny fit (for newborns)- The Diono R120- The Diono RXTThere were a few main points we considered that brought us to the Diono R120 specifically, so I will outline why we chose that one over all others (in no specific order):1) Shape - We were torn between the “convertible” shaped car seats that look typically like a half open oyster shell, or the taller bucket seat style like this Diono. It came down to the later stages that made us decide on the Diono, because while both seats accommodate infants and toddlers, only the bucket seat style seemed to be realistic for when your later stage child is sitting upright. We just couldn’t see how a 4-5 year old could still sit comfortably in an oyster shell. We want some freedom and visibility during that stage (and while the Maxi Cosi seemed a little less oyster than the others, it still had that “too childish for a 4-5 year old” shape in our opinion). We really, really liked the Recaro Performance Sport and Performance Booster, which had bucket style seating too, but see my next point about those.2) Rear-Facing – This was why we did not go with the Recaro, though we really wanted to. Neither of them went “rear-facing,” so it was not even an option during Stage #1. That made them an immediate no-go. The Maxi Cosi did, and was super cool with the “Tiny Fit” for infants, but again still in that Semi-Oyster shape.3) Visibility – Since this was one of the reasons we chose the bucket seat style, this is also the reason we chose the Diono R120 over the Diono RXT. The RXT has “head wings” that we’ve read over and over most kids outgrow in the later stages, and so they become an annoyance. Since the only difference between the RXT and R120 were those, and that the R120 was $50 cheaper, this became an easy decision.4) Reviews – This is a big one for us. We always, always, look for the best reviews, and not just quantity, but percentage of good to bad ones. This particular car seat at this time literally has only one single 1-star review, but forty-five 5-star reviews. Not to say that is a whole lot in total, but a super high percentage of happy buyers, so worth a try (we have no problem sending products back after a trial if they don’t meet our needs).5) * Snap-in Base – I wanted to touch on this real quick, because this seat does NOT have a snap in base that allows you to remove the seat without un-latching it (with a sleeping baby in it for example).  We *almost* changed our minds about this seat, and started considering the Graco Smart Seat all-in-one, or the orbit, which both snap in and out quickly, but stopped short and decided that was not necessary. This is because, during the first year, we *maybe* needed to do that all of two or three times, and that was it. So at first glance, we thought this feature would be important, but then realized it really wasn’t (in our opinion anyways).So for us, this Diono met all of the main criteria of the first three stages (infant rear-facing, toddler front-facing, and high back booster), while also giving us good comfort, freedom, visibility, and of course safety (actually all of the brands mentioned get good safety ratings).Hopefully this will help others with similar situations in their decision making =)