I wanted to share my experiences with these necklaces so that others who are perhaps as skeptical as I was (and honestly still am) can hear from someone who has seen them work, even if she doesn't really believe it herself!We are a pretty crunchy-granola, nature-loving, pharmaceutical-shunning, whole-food-eating kind of family. But. Despite being a fan of natural products and remedies, I find the actual science behind these to be shoddy, at best. Any critical reviews of the benefits of Baltic amber I have read, those that state that there's pretty much no way that it can work, make a lot more sense to me than any of the "reasons" I've read about why they do. However. Having broken down & tried them twice now, it's awfully hard to deny the possibilities.I bought my first one of these over 2 years ago while I was at wit's end with a miserable teething baby. He was my third baby and did not respond to teething tablets, teethers, cold washcloths... anything I could think of. Once or twice I broke down & gave him acetaminophen because he was just too miserable, but I don't like using that at all, let alone on a regular basis that would be needed for teething. Several ladies in a playgroup I was in absolutely swore by amber teething necklaces and even feeling the way I did about them, I decided that they were worth a try. From the day I put it on right up through until today, this child never seemed to suffer any more effects of teething. No pain, no drooling, no restlessness, no lack of appetite. Nothing.So fast forward to recently (because I really hadn't thought about them in between much)... we had a 4th (& final LOL) child and for about 3 weeks straight he had been inconsolably miserable more of the day than not thanks to his top 2 central incisors coming in. My voracious eater would only have a bite or 2 before refusing to eat more, he was drooling constantly, waking in the night multiple times... my otherwise easy-going baby was having a super rough time.We went to his 9 month check-up and I was telling his pediatrician about his troubles and how nothing worked and she said, "Have you tried one of those amber teething necklaces?" and I mentally slapped myself in the forehead in an "OH YEAH!" sort of way as I had, in fact, tried one of those amber teething necklaces before and despite still not quite believing them to work, had to admit that they might and that I should try one again. She agreed that she was also skeptical, but knew many who swore by them.So I ordered this one for my youngest (as my almost 3-year-old loves his "neck-o-lace" too much to part with it).It arrived yesterday.Since putting it on:there has been no crying from obvious pain.there has been no digging at his mouth.drooling has all but stopped.& he has eaten every last bite of food that he has been offered.Sigh. Yet again, I must reluctantly give these things credit as it appears that credit is indeed due.I know that there are no products that work for everyone, so I cannot guarantee you that these will work for your little one, but if you are considering one, despite being skeptical, I can definitely say that they are worth a try.