I swore I wouldn't need a movement monitor when I was pregnant.  I'd already had a miscarriage so how cruel could life really be?  But then my son was born and I could not sleep without one.  I originally purchased the kind of movement monitor that clips on to a diaper but after COUNTLESS false alarms, my husband and I gave up.  After so many false alarms, we stopped jumping up and running to the other room to turn off the alarm.  Instead we'd argue over whose turn it was to get up.  Unfortunately our son has loved to sleep on his stomach with his little butt as high as he can get it in the air (he learned how to roll over before he was three months old).  So because I'm neurotic and can't handle my son just sleeping in his crib without something to tell me if he stops breathing, I purchased this.  I'm guessing those of you reading this feel the same way.  I'm having a hard time deciding how many starts to give this because it works better than I expected but, probably just like any other device, there are flaws.  We managed to get through our first night with the Angelcare monitor without one single false alarm.  What a relief.  But then I put him down for a nap today and... the false alarms started.  I turned the sensitivity up as high as it goes but it doesn't detect him breathing when he's on his stomach with his butt in the air all of the way at either end of his crib.  Now, if I move him back to the center, then we're good with the sensitivity set at a 3 but at the ends, the alarm sounds even when the sensitivity is set at the highest setting (a 5).  So that's annoying but at the same time, my expectations were pretty low considering our experience with the other monitor so I was pleasantly surprised to go an entire night without one false alarm.  I guess I could solve this problem by purchasing another one of these and putting both under his mattress at the same time but, again, that's annoying because this should be able to detect him breathing.  I'm also guessing that results may vary with stomach sleepers depending on mattress density/thickness.  That being said, I'm crazy and need something and this definitely fits the bill without breaking the bank.  Also, please note that this is JUST a movement monitor.  It is not a wireless sound monitor meaning you can not remove any part of this from the room as it is attached to the crib.  I knew this in advance but it seems that several reviewers did not understand that you would also need a sound monitor to pick up the alarm sounding if you can't hear it through the wall.  Because this thing isn't wireless, it has this really strange and annoying cord that I haven't figured out what to do with yet.  I guess you could attach it to the wall somehow but I can see this being an issue when my son learns how to crawl because he could pull the monitor down on his head.  BUT since it isn't wireless, there's no interference or whatever that you can have with other wireless products.  Also the fact that you have to purchase the board that this goes on separately is really stupid.  Use a thin cutting board.  So, would I recommend this?  Absolutely.  Is it perfect?  No, but like I said, I'm crazy and can't sleep without it so I'm willing to get out of bed occasionally to move my son back to the middle of the crib in the middle of the night if that's what it takes for peace of mind.  And the price is right.