I absolutely love this product. It was a lot more than I was looking to spend on a baby car mirror, but it was totally worth the money spent. After reading the reviews, I was more than prepared to receive the mirror. I waited a couple of months before posting a review so that it would be as informative as possible more a parent who is looking but is hesitant towards forking out $35.00 for "just a mirror." I started using this product for my child at six months, and she is now 8 months.*The installation: Extremely easy, did not require instruction manual. The straps go around the headrest and is adjustable. I like the fact that there is flexible metal in the wrap around on the back so that it mostly stays put as soon as you have it set the way you like it. I had a hard time figuring out how low/high to set the mirror so that I could see my baby from the rear view mirror, but found that for the most part, what I can see of her when sitting next to her carseat setting it up is what I'll see in the rear view mirror. Setting it too high (on the headrest) can actually block some view of your back window. Also, having it too high will reflect the front view of the road onto the baby mirror, which might cause a moment of confusion as it would seem like what is actually behind you is in front of you...but most people might not have that problem..I'm an Asian woman, so the less confusion, the better for myself, and everyone on the road. :)*The batteries: The mirror itself comes with batteries, but the remote control does not. You need to purchase them in order to use the product for all of its capabilities (unless you only want the mirror part, in which case, you can opt for a different product :) ). The battery needed is a CR2032. Yes, AAA would have been more convenient for everyone, but it is made flat to fit on your visor with it closed...with AAA, it wouldn't quite work. I should also mention that I started using the mirror with the music when my baby was around 6 months, and she is now 8 months, and the batteries have not died, after about ~1.5-2 hours of music per week. However, I have noticed the music is not as loud and strong. (I had to change the batteries after 2 months of usage).*The music/sound options: There is a sleepy mode and an awake/happy mode. The happy music is obviously more upbeat and the sleepy music is more mellow. Each plays for about 10 minutes, and stops, but you can always play it again since the remote is easily accessible. There have been times when my baby was noticeably tired, and fell asleep AS SOON as I turned on the music..and I LOVE this about this product! It actually works! It definitely stops her whining when she's unhappy, also. There is also a volume control that I believe has 2 3 different volume options.*The lights: The lights are actually pretty darn bright at night, so bright that sometimes I wish there was an adjustment option because I feel like my baby has to look away sometimes. There are colorful dancing lights around the fireflies, little lights emitting from the fireflies themselves, and on the mirror. The Dancing lights on the mirror blink on and off with the music. The are advertised as certain shapes. And although they do dance around in those shapes, they don't ever appear all together in a certain shape, so you can't really tell that it's a square, a circle, diamond, ect. They're just little white lights. (The circle actually does blink on together, but it's not something I would consider educational).*The mirror: I initially got this mirror because I really wanted to be able to see my baby during night time rides because that's when she's usually unhappy, but the lights do not shine bright enough for the reflection to show in the rear view, so if that is your only intention, I don't think there is any product out there right now that can satisfy that. Although I cannot see her at night, and she cannot see me, if still pleases her when I turn on the lights and music for a little while, so it serves its purpose for me.*Sturdiness: I took this mirror down for my daughter to just hold and play with rather than just look at it. And she absolutely loved it! She kissed the mirror (she is now 9 months), and played with it wonderfully.The only con is that the only stinkin way to turn the music and lights on is with the remote control (but you can turn the music and lights off by clicking the power button on the mirror just once. And for those who do not read instructions, like myself, you can turn the mirror off by holding down the power button for about five seconds). So if you lose it, :/ you'll have to settle for the mirror..just being a mirror :)I hope this helped. This is the longest review I have ever written, but I feel like it was worth it for this product. I hope you make the purchase and enjoy it just as much as I do! :)