I'm so excited about this item! It's restored the bathtub feature of my shower/tub, allowing me to run baths as well as soak linens or hand wash delicates, which I used to have to do in the utility room in the basement of my building because it wasn't practical to do so in either tiny sink in my apartment. I truly didn't expect it to work in my tub--an ancient fixture with a drain that won't accommodate a traditional plug stopper and has proven too wide and irregularly concave for most suction or flat stoppers (I've added a photo to the product views above: the drain is 1 5/8" wide; the fixture is 3" across with a crossbar, so a plug won't fit in; the uneven surface surrounding the drain is roughly 4" across). Even after reading all the reviews that knock the suction cup, I wouldn't have been surprised if *that* feature worked for me, but the stopper wasn't actually effective. The stopper has turned out to be beyond effective--after successfully filling the tub a couple of times for bathing and hand washing some laundry, I decided to leave the stopper in (or more accurately, on) the drain to test the seal. I marked the water line with a piece of masking tape. Four hours later, the water level hadn't dropped--somehow, the water was even still warm! Twelve hours later, the masking tape had come unstuck in the damp air and was floating in the tub, which still looked as full as I'd left it.I'm giving this item four stars instead of five because, as other reviewers have written, the suction cup just doesn't work. I've tried attaching it to different surfaces: my ceramic tub; the porcelain bathroom sink; a couple of different mirrors; the inside of the medicine cabinet (aluminum, maybe?); my refrigerator door; and the sides of my metal kitchen sink. In nearly all of those cases, it clung at first, but I'd come back 4-8 hours later to find it had fallen. Though it would make the stopper even more handy, I don't really require the suction cup, and since the product might actually be more effective without it (the suction cup tab lifts the edge of the stopper ever so slightly, which could create a weaker seal and makes it easier for little feet--or grown-up feet--to kick the stopper out of place), wouldn't it be better to go without it? Or to punch a hole in that tab instead of attaching a suction cup, creating a hook and allowing the stopper to lie completely flat?