Our daughter's first potty seat failed (the Fisher-price potty seat) because it looked too much like a toy. She didn't see why we wanted her to pee on one of her toys (which makes perfect sense if you think about it). So we let several months pass by with her coloring the potty seat and using the "toy" potty for her dolls or an extra seat in the bathroom etc. We finally decided to get a reducer seat. I read the reviews and went with Kiddyloo. We have a new construction home with a two year-old, chair-height elongated toilet. I was worried the Kiddyloo might not fit but it fits beautifully. I can't imagine it not fitting a toilet of any size. My daughter is 32 months old. As I worked on assembling the seat I explained to my daughter in labored detail the game-show like prizes and glorification that would reign down on her when she finally used the potty. Right away she wanted to try it out (I think the ladder was the initial draw). She climbed up on it herself (which took some acrobatics but she did it). I knew right away this would be different from the Fisher-Price seat. She wavered a few times sayings he couldn't do it but I encouraged her to wait for a few minutes and assured her she could do it. After only a couple minutes she got a big smile on her face and I heard the sound of pee trickling into the toilet. VICTORY! I freaked out like I had just won the Powerball lottery and rattled off a list of rewards and celebratory measures we'd take in response to this major milestone. Right away we called everybody to spread the good news. Daddy brought home a balloon for her after work and did the happy dance as well. I'm happy to report that she has used the potty five times since we assembled it yesterday. She's not "potty trained" yet but we're well on our way. I'm thrilled with this seat so far. My only wish is that they had padded the seat. Our daughter complains that it hurts sometimes if she's been on it too long. This could be a good thing though because it could reduce dallying and encourage her to just do her business and get off. Or, it could be a problem if she thinks the potty hurts. Time will tell. Overall we're thrilled so far and will probably get a second one for the second floor of our home.