My 21 months old daughter loves this! She carries it around the house and won't let anyone touch it. I was a little worried about it from other people' reviews, but I wanted something that will keep her milk cold for hours. It actually does keep her drink cold for the entire day. If she does not finish her milk in the morning, she can still drink it in the afternoon because it is still cold. The only downside is that the thermos cup bottle is not spill proof, so when my daughter accidently knocks it over, liquid will spill out. The thermos is only leak proof when the lid is locked on. With that said, I am still giving it a 5 stars because it does work well and unlike the previous reviewers, my daughter does not throw her bottles onto the ground, so there is no problem with breaking pieces or drinks being spilled into the car.I think it really helped a lot that I showed her how the bottle works when we first got it, and she learned how to lock and unlock the lid right away, and she always locks the lid after she is done using it.I would not buy this for a child younger than 20 months or a child who throws bottles though, I think you would have a lot of spill problems.----UpdateMy daughter is 3 1/2 years old now  and they still work great! I can't believe that they have lasted this long. Way better than any plastic slippy cups I ever brought her. This is totally worth the investment.--New Update (May 2011).My daughter is 5 years old now. She is still using these same bottles. I kid you not. She did chew through the top of her straws so I contacted the company and ordered replacements for just the straws. But the bottle are still going strong. I am sure the company would probably love it if I buy more, but they are so well made that I haven't had to buy new ones. My daughter takes her bottles(filled with milk or juice) for preschool and they stay cold all day long. I never have to worry about spoiled drinks with these.Seriously some of the best dollars I spent. At this rate, she will still be using them as she goes to grade school and jr. high, lol.--Update (July 2012)My daughter will be starting first grade in a couple of months and she will be taking these same bottles to school. We had to replace the straws again, but the stainless steel bottles are still going strong. We have had these bottles for almost 5 years now. I just recommended these bottles to some moms of the kids at my daughter's school. Seriously great bottles!