I'm writing this because I remember agonizing over which breastfeeding pillow to register for while I was pregnant, and now that I'm a full-time milk cow, I think a lot about the subject of nursing pillows. I ended up choosing the My Brest Friend, but received a Boppy as a gift anyway.I have to say - I like both of them and use them all the time.For nursing:- My Brest Friend is *far* superior in terms of support during breastfeeding, but it's bulky, a hassle to put on, and its uses end with breastfeeding. (That said, during the marathon nursing sessions that accompany a growth spurt, MBF was a LIFESAVER.) Good for new moms who need to sit down and *focus* when they nurse. Which I'm willing to bet is all new moms, at least for the first weeks or months.- The Boppy supports about as well as a pillow or two, but its wrap-around shape means you don't have to constantly readjust. The rounded surface, though, definitely results in a rolling infant (especially if you have a squirmy one). I found, as a large-breasted mom who needs to support the breast with one hand throughout the feeding, that having to hold my baby in place with the other hand was a drag (I really think my iPhone is the only reason I'm still nursing). On the other hand, it only takes about 5 seconds to grab the Boppy and put it in place, so I often used it for nighttime feedings before we figured out how to nurse lying down.For everything else:- Only the Boppy has more than one purpose, and the lame-sounding "propping" function should not be overlooked. I really don't know how I would get dressed in the morning if I couldn't plunk my 2-month old down in the middle of the bed propped up by the Boppy. Flat on his back, he fusses. In his crib, he wails. Propped up, he smiles and laughs. I have no idea why, but it works.Bottom line:If you're looking for a pillow that will make breastfeeding easier for you, especially if you're well-endowed, go for My Brest Friend. If you prize convenience and flexibility over total comfort, go for the Boppy.If you have a big house or a lot of generous relatives, hell, register for both.