I was torn between Life factory and the Pura stainless sippy for my 11 month old son. After several days of research there was only one thing I could do. Get both and see which one was better for transitioning my son from bottle to sippy. After using both for 3 to 5 months, I can clearly say that I like these better but the Pura sippy is better for transitioning because it has a silicone spout. My son took to the Pura Sippy right away but would not use these until he was fully comfortable with a harder spout at 13 months. Since my son is now fully comfortable with harder spouts, I have stopped using the Pura. The main reasons why I like the Life factory better than the Pura are:1. Very minimal leakage. I can give my son this bottle and not worry. Since the Pura has a silicone spout, if dropped upside down, the spout will open and leak. I also went out and bought all the harder Avent spout that is compatible with the Pura and it all leaks. The Avent spout has a small hole at the top and it will leak from there.2. Life factory makes a screw top cap that fits this sippy. Awesome for travel or mixing formula. Pura does not.3. Comes with the Sleeve! With the Pura, you must buy them separately and don't try using them w/o it. The stainless gets super hot and cold depending on the liquid. I put WARM milk in it and it felt hot. I was quite surprised.4. Has OZ markings on the outside of the sleeve. It's on the inside of the Pura. Not so easy to see.5. I like the look and the ease of the Life Factory. Just screw the spout to the bottle and your done!There are a couple of annoyances with the Life Factory sippy. The bottle opening is slightly bigger than the scoop that comes with the formula so a little bit of powder can get on the bottle. I'm pretty good at it now so it's not a big deal. Another thing is that the sippy gets very heavy when filled with liquid. This will obviously happen because it's glass. Pura also gets very heavy. It doesn't bother my son so I am okay with it.I read a review that says the liquid is hard to get out of this sippy. I haven't had this issue. You just have to make sure you pinch the slit open on the valve and insert it loosely into the spout. Then make sure you don't over tighten the spout to the bottle.In my opinion, if your child is okay with a harder spout, Life Factory is the way to go!***If you are transitioning, you might want to try the Pura for a couple of months since it has the silicone spout. I also found another sippy that my son took to right away and it helped him get comfortable with a hard spout. It's the green sprouts 7 Ounce Sippy Tumbler, Green. ***