My son just turned 1 and has been using the Pura Stainless Steel Sippy which comes with a silicone sippy spout for about 2 months. I realized it's not really a sippy but just a different shaped nipple that requires slightly less sucking to get the liquid out. I decided to switch him over to a harder spout and that's when my search began.I have tried:1. Pura sippy with the harder Avent spout - I loved that it's not plastic, has OZ markings inside but it is super heavy when filled with liquid. My son didn't like it. He couldn't figure out how to use it.2. Life factory glass sippy -  Again, it's not plastic which is great, has Oz markings on the sleeve and it is super heavy when filled with liquid. He is okay with this one but won't use it for a long time.3. Vital Baby Toddler 10oz - It's plastic, has oz markings, super light, leak proof but my son refused to drink out of it.4. Thermos Foogo stainless steel sippy 10oz - Stainless steel is great, double wall vacuum insulation is awesome (keeps liquid cold for 7 hrs), has no OZ markings. My son likes this but again won't use it for a long time.Now for the Green Sprout Sippy - I was about to give up and told myself that my son was just not ready to move to a hard spout sippy. I figured I was pushing him and decided to keep him on the silicone spout. I forgot I had ordered this a couple of days ago and when it arrived, I didn't expect much. I offered the sippy with water and expected him to push it away; but to my surprise, my son took to it right away! With this sippy, he drinks more water and will gulp down his toddler formula as if this was his bottle! I thought it was just a fluke and offered him milk later and he took it again! I am not sure why he likes this, maybe it's just a coincidence, but it's clear that he prefers this one over all the other sippys. Even his daycare said he has no issues with this one.Anyways, this sippy has pros and cons, just like any other sippy.Pros:1. My son likes it!2. It has no valve, less parts to clean. It's just the cup and the lid that you snap on.3. This has no rings on the top portion of the cup, so when your little one is older, you can just use this as a regular cup!4. Does not leak. The lid snaps on very securely. Your child will NOT be able to open it. Just fold the spout down and your ready to go!5. Flow is not super fast but fast enough where it requires less sucking to get the liquid out.6. It's super light and a lot smaller than how it appears in the picture. It's perfect for little hands.7. Has milliliter markings (better than nothing)8. It doubles as a toy. After my son is done drinking, I fold the spout down and he shakes it vigorously for his entertainment.Cons:1. It's Plastic.2. No Oz Markings3. Only holds 7oz4. Lid is really hard to remove. I am not a petite woman but even I have to admit it's difficult! If you're trying to open the lid with liquid in it. Please do it over the sink until you get good at it!5. Not leak proof when turned upside down. This must be used under supervision. Only time it will not leak is when the spout is folded down.6. You will always have a little bit of formula left over due to the location of the spout.For now my son only uses these so I ordered 4 more. I will try to introduce him to the Life Factory and Foogo Sippy only because they are not plastic and I spent a lot of money for them! For anyone who may be in a similar situation, please give this a try!Tip: Do not fill over the 200ml line! Otherwise when you press down on the lid to close it, the liquid will shoot out of the spout and into your face!  If you need the milliliter markings, I recommend you buy the green color. The blue is much darker and it is very hard to see the markings.