Like many of you probably have, I spent hours researching and comparing which bed rails to get for my almost-3 year old who just graduated to a twin bed. My conclusion is that there is no one product that everyone loves or everyone hates. What you wind up buying will be totally suited to your particular situation. Buying the most popular model or highest reviewed may not be best for you. I ignored the negative reviews of the PRIMO rails and I'm glad I did.The PRIMO bed rail is a no-nonsense product. It's not pretty nor elegant but it works (for our situation). The beauty of these is the simplicity. They are not overly tall and do not have mesh screens, that to me, makes a child's twin bed into a giant play pen. I don't like that look and I don't like having the mesh obscure my view of my child and having to reach in to get at my child. Yes, I know that many bed rails fold down but more on that later. These slide to adjust to the length you want and offer great coverage. The height is just perfect as far as I am concerned. With a standard twin mattress that might be on the thicker side, enough of the bed rail stands above the mattress to safely prevent my child from rolling out of bed. That's all I wanted. I didn't want my child surrounded by walls of steel frame and mesh. The openings are big enough that arms and legs don't get caught. The finish is smooth and the plastic is soft to the touch so it's comfortable for kids. These simply do what they are intended to. They are not intended to be bars for a caged MMA match so those who expect them to hold up to abuse are being unrealistic. If your child is awake and leaning or standing on them then maybe they will break but even with that, they are pretty durable. I have rolled against these rails as I lay with my child and they held up.The way these install and fit was the key for me. As I stated above, many bed rails offer a fold down feature. I think that sounds nice in theory but none really fold down flat, meaning they are angled so your child would sort of slide down. Also, the folding mechanisms are usually a large joint that if you use any kind of bed frame/rail will not work. Those sorts of hinges are meant to go on a simple mattress-on-boxspring setup. If you are like me and use a platform bed where the mattress sits within a frame, those folders won't work. The PRIMO rails on the other hand, do work and work perfectly. My child's twin mattress sits on a sheet of plywood within a framed platform bed. The PRIMO rails have long base "feet" that slide under the mattress and stay in place well. The whole assembly fits well between the bed frame/rail and the mattress. For those who use a bed of the type I described, these will work and that was hard to find amongst the other bed rails. Changing sheets is not a problem. I do not need to remove these. All I do is lift the mattress up and put the sheets on, tuck the sheets down the sides, and put the mattress down.My only criticism of the PRIMO rails is the price, hence the 4 star rating. They are rather expensive for the recycled plastic construction. They ought to be $10 less however, when you're looking for that thing that will suit your particular purpose perfectly, sometimes you just have to pay.