My daughter has a lot of allergies and started having severe breathing issues when we bought a traditional mattress for her new big-girl bed. It seems the polyurethane foam is a pretty common trigger for people with allergies and chemical sensitivities. That said, we ended up buying a very expensive, all natural mattress and wanted it to last a very long time. This was the perfect solution. It is completely safe, non-toxic, passes GreenGuard standards, and doesn't off-gas. You would never know there's a waterproof membrane between the two layers of organic cotton, but it is truly waterproof and has protected the new mattress from a couple of very wet accidents already.Update, June 2012: I was interested in additional details about what the waterproof inner film was made of after I first posted this review. I emailed Naturepedic, and they replied to my inquiry with a very kind, but disappointing email that it was proprietary information and that they couldn't give a lot more info, other than emphasizing many of the things that were NOT in it. I was not entirely happy with the response, but overall, I was still happy with the safety and efficacy of the mattress pad. However, shortly after our email exchange, Naturepedic emailed me again to let me know they recently updated their website to reflect more detailed info. I was really impressed with this kind of follow-up and awesome response to a concerned customer.  Kudos to them for recognizing how important this information is and for quickly following up not just with me but for officially changing the info on their public site. Here's the more detailed language from their website that describes the DrySleep liner:Drysleep uses a specially formulated polyurethane waterproof barrier that is proven to not leach harmful chemicals. It is made from the same grade material as is required for food contact applications. It also meets the highest standards for medical device biocompatibility (USP Class VI). It does not contain any fire retardants or antimicrobial treatments and is free of vinyl/PVC, phthalates and latex. It also easily passes the GREENGUARD Children & Schools and Select certification standards for chemical emissions and is approved under the Global Organic Textile Standard (GOTS).All in all, we're extremely happy with this purchase and it works exactly as it states. The fact that it comes from NaturePedic, one of the only mattress makers to get Healthy Child Healthy World's endorsement, helps us all sleep that much better at night!Sheesh- I know I sound like an advertisement there, but after seeing my child suffer because of a mattress I told her she'd be safe on, my heart is so grateful that there are companies that make products that are truly safe and healthy for children and the rest of us.