I really am surprized in the negitave reviews! My twin sons are 9 months old and we purchased this chair for them at 5 months...This chair is the best. The pattern isnt annoying and babyish, its a general brown color. There is a 5 point harness to keep baby safe, and a bar between the legs to ensure saftey. The chair has 8 height possitions, so no one can complain about it not fitting at their table (I can even get it to fit at our counter that is HIGH for breakfast). The chair reqlines for infants, and sits ALMOST perfectly upright for toddlers, now really is it THAT terrible that the chair doesnt sit at a 90 degree angle, most people slouch in chairs like that anyway, I have NEVER seen anyone sit up right against a 90 degree angled chair, so no big deal. The cover is machine washable, and dryer safe, and theres another material UNDER that so you dont even have to use the cloth, you can use the easy to wipe vinyl cover, easy. The tray is big, and nice to use and theres a cup holder AWAY from babies grasp, the toy fits perfectly and is too difficult for baby to remove, its also intriging to the twins, and my friends 3 year old and it never broke or showed any signs of defects... The big tray has an opptional insert so no need to worry about your dishes, this can easily fit into our double sink or our dishwasher, and the boys dont know how to remove it. The big tray can come off with one hand which is a godsend! AND you can store the tray or toy in the back of the chair. There is a snack tray that you can use for smaller babies or smaller meals, very nice. The chair is great to keep the twins occupied, and it can go down all the way to the floor for a comfortable chair for toddlers too. There is even a little black pouch on the side for extra bibsters, utensilz (all babys chuck their forks and spoons, now you are prepared with more!) or even baby food or a bottle to keep it away from youngster! The wheels all have locks, which keeps the chair sturdy, yet unlocked and you can wheel your child around like in a stroller. There are a few crevases for those rouge carrots and strained beans (funny, it always happens to be the vegetables!) but EVERY chair has that, and it really isnt too much of a chore, your baby gets messy, so naturally so does the chair, its really not the chairs fault, its not a design flaw, its REALITY when you have a child.... please dont ruin this chairs review due to a few minutes that you use to clean it out! And if you find a better chair, great, but this chair really is amazingly easy to use and at a great price.I cant think of ever getting rid of it, its so easy to use, and so much fun for our twins, each chair has its flaws, but this chair really has few, except for all the annoyances of a highchair and a self feeding child!