My nany is 5 1/2 months old and she LOVES this seat. I am a woman of 'advanced maternal age' and this little girl of mine was a complete surprize after many years of ssecondary infertility.  I mention these things sot hat you know I have seen my fair share of baby products come and go over the years and I know a good deal when I see one.  This product replaces a highchair, and a booster seat and a 'Bumbo' typye playseat area too.  For the $35 I spent on it - it can't be beat.  The only complaint I have is that I wish I could have found it in a more girly color - but this color scheme might be better in the long run because I have a 21 year old daughter and I may be using it for grand kids in the next few year and this will work for boy or girl. (Did I mention my 'advanced maternal age' - LOL)This seat is just the right size and I love it's ease of use and transporability. It doesn't even take up much room in the motor home when we travel.  I bought this seat for several reasons - but mainly because it takes up little space and provides a safe place for my baby to play while I fold laundry or cook dinner.  She loves being up on the counter in it while I put away dishes.  She gets frustrated if she is left on the floor on the other side of the counter in the family room away from me and placing her on a cold hard stone floor is not comfy even with a blanket under her.  This is the perfect solution.  She loves the bright colors of the toys and also the little red and purple dishes on the front tray of the seat.I use this for a feeding station and and a play station. I also love that the straps are easy to remove from the bottom side of the unit.  I just throw them in a lingere bag and wash them if baby spits her peas or peaches on them. The whole unit is so simple and easy to clean.  I recently slipped on ice and injured my knee which enabled me to find another use for this product.  Kneeling at the bathtub was painful on my injured knee, so I took the orange insert out  of this seat and used it in the kitchen sink to help my baby sit without slipping all over while I bathed her.  It was wonderful to stand and take care of her since she splashed all over the kitchen counter if I use her baby tub over hte sink.  I know the manufacturer would probably not reccomend doing this for safety reasons, but due to my injury - it worked out well for me and I always have hands on her while she is in the sink/bath anyway.Some have commented that the rotation of the seat is a pain - and it was a little stiff at first - but is is great now.  I have no issues rotating it around for little one to play.  Others have remarked about all the crevices and such on the underside of the tray and how thier babies hurt themselves on it.  I have not found that to be the case at all and I have used this seat for 2 months now. I also noticed a few reviewers saying that they had a hard time with one handed operation of the tray section.  Again - I have not experienced that at all.  I usually am holding my baby on the right arm while removing the tray with the left hand and it is a smooth and easy slide out.  I would definately recomend this product especially if you have limited space and want a multi purpose tool for baby.