At first we had quite a bit of trouble with this system and thus this nipple. As it turns out that's on purpose, and I'm glad.I the mother of twin 3 month olds. We've been using these nipples now for three months.  Being the diligent new mother we purchased one of EVERY kind I bottle/nipple our Babies R Us carried.  This is our goto and I have packed all the other nipples away and only use out Medela bottles with our pump for storing milk.The slow nipples will likely NOT work for your Little One initially. As it turns out, that's ok and pretty much expected. A little nipple education is needed at this point.Most other nipple systems are labeled "slow", "medium" and "fast" and their speed is determined partly by how fast milk DRIPS out of the bottle when it's turn upside down. WITHOUT SUCKLING. This is especially important when bottle feeding newborns and young infants because they are not equipped or prepared for a flood of milk and can choke. (We actually had this issue with a hospital Medela bottle.). As the babies get older they want their milk NOW and the nipple holes get bigger to accommodate this and it's perfectly safe for milk to be flowing out the end because the infants reflexes are such that they won't choke.The Kiinde nipples don't work that way at all. Even the fastest nipple when turned upside down won't drop a single drop. Not even if you SQUEEZE the bag. Te speed is only in reference to how much milk comes out once the babies effectively activates the nipple. The Kiinde nipples are designed to require the infant to both SUCK and MASSAGE the nipple. They have to work for it. This helps prevent the babies getting "lazy" and not wanting to go back to breast feeding, which actually requires some work on the part of the infant.Quite a few infants find it's actually HARDER to eat from the Kiinde system than an actual boob. Because of this reason it's often necessary to start newborns off in a medium or even a FAST flow nipple and then move BACKWARDS to the slow nipple once the infant is used I the system and the amount of work.It took about a month for one of my girls to go from the fast to the medium an then to the slow. My other one is still using a medium nipple but she's notoriously LAZY even on the boob.If you are exclusively breastfeeding and need a daddy or babysitter bottle, throw the other ones away.