I wasn't sure what to make of these given all of the reviews.  Well, they really work for us.My little guy is a skinny just-4 yr old.  He's been dry during the day since he turned two, but at night still was wetting maybe once a week.  We've been using the Seventh Gen pull ups at night, but I wasn't feeling great about the landfill implications of going thru pull ups, since we did cloth diapers.They help train: First of all, in the months since he started wearing these, he's only wet them once, and I'm pretty sure we forgot to do a bedtime potty that night.  I don't know if they feel more like regular undies or what, but I think they must be helping with the nighttime wetting.They feel nice: They aren't undies - I mean, they have a layer of some wet-proof material in there (so schedule some time for drying them).  But the part that touches my son's skin is soft, almost like felt, and the outside part is soft like so many of our other organic cotton clothes.Nice colors: We have "bamboo" and the light blue one.  Both are really neutral and pretty.They fit: Like I said, son is skinny - like 5% weight and 80% height on the growth charts.  Over 3.5 ft tall and 35 pounds.  He still wears 2T shorts (don't get me started about trying to find long pants for this beanpole) so I was skeptical about whether these would fit and what size to get.  We've only had that one wet night, but everything stayed right in the pull up.  That's better than our luck sometimes with Seventh Generation.My son likes them: This is maybe the most important part to me.  We work hard on not having even a hint of shaming around nighttime wetting -apparently it's super normal biologically, esp for boys.  But he always felt bad about pull ups, since he's been out of daytime diapers for over 2 years.  He calls these things his "nighttime undies" and he enjoys putting them on.  They are certainly bulkier than undies, but the fact that they're made out of fabric and feel super soft make him feel better.If you're on the fence I'd say give it a try.