Maybe at first glance, you'd overlook this orange or yellowish sea-mine-looking toy.  But that would be a mistake.  Some might have success with Sofie the giraffe or those teething toys that you put in the fridge.  We had success with this soft, squeezable, phthalate-free, squeaking toy.  Our son can--on some occasions--spend a half an hour being entertained by this.What's really good about it are the tentacles/soft spikes that stick out.  This allows your child to grasp it him/herself and try and jam one of the other tentacles/soft spikes into the mouth so that s/he can massage his/her gumlines with it.  (Our son doesn't have any visible teeth yet, but he's probably close.)  Some teething toys are circular, but they are too wide for the baby's small mouth to have any part of the toy actually reach the gums--which is frustrating for the baby. Particularly when s/he tries to massage the gums a little farther back from the front teeth area.  But the soft spikes on this teether ball are long enough to get that area, but short enough that you don't have to worry about him/her having a gag reflex.  Further, because s/he's picking it up and putting it into his mouth on his/her own, s/he is developing his/her motor skills and hand-eye coordination, as well as independence.Also, as you know, the amount of baby drool when a baby is teething is ridiculous, so as with any teething toy, you will want to make sure that it is easily washable.  This one is; just wash it like any other toy.  No crevices that you have to worry about bacteria hiding in.One thing that the Amazon description didn't tell me was that it is scented.  It's not really a big deal; in fact, I think that may be part of the reason that my son digs it.  The scent doesn't go away after multiple washings; and, it has a pleasant smell, so that is nice.All in all, a wonderful toy.  In fact, initially, my mom bought this so that my son would have something to play with at her house, and after the success over there, we bought one... which led to this being a gift for a lot of our new parent friends' children for Christmas.  Needless to say, I recommend this product.