I spent HOURS reading about the booster travel seats before purchasing.  The lobster one that attaches to the table has safety warnings and doesn't work for all tables.  Scoured reviews, saw that company's product collapses, that company's product smells weird, blah blah blah, none of them were great.  I finally found one with the features I wanted, including five point restraints, at Mothercare, only to be disappointed it is a UK company and costs a lot to ship to the US.  While defeated and ready to buy a different model that had less stellar reviews, I see this seat and it is EXACTLY the same thing that Mothercare sells.  Ok, whatever, different name, different supplier, I got it.Why I wanted this:  five point restraints!  Kids are little wiggle worms and there is no kid who wont try to lunge out the side, head first, just to give you a heart attack.  This keeps them more securely restrained.  It's super easy to set up.  Yes, the top part does tend to slide down a bit, so weave it through the chair back, pull it tight, or just deal with it.  It's not enough to make a big difference in the function of the chair.  It holds kiddo securely and gets her to a decent height to eat at the table.  I carry disposable table top liners so she can just use any table surface to eat from.  Simple and easy, and disposable bibs complete the package.  There is a little side pocket that I can put the liners and bibs in.  I wish it had more storage, the zipper part holds the booster foam only, and I wish it were a bit taller, because at 12 months my kid's head doesn't clear the table.  Luckily she's not banging her head on tables so much anymore.  Must have lost its appeal.This is not terribly expensive, easy to carry, and I got it to go on a long trip.  The gold standard is the Fisher Price travel high chair, that thing is rock solid and rates at the top of the best baby stuff I've bought, but it can't easily be brought on an airplane or in luggage.  This can and will allow kid to eat in restaurants, friends' houses, anywhere we go that has a chair it can attach to.  Awesome!