This set may be a bit smaller than you're expecting. My 1 year old is very small for her age and she just fits in the chair with a little wiggle room, and the ottoman is a little bigger than a 4pack of pop cans. Seats are soft, and wood seems durable, but quality is overall not that great. The fabric is thin and flimsy, and it's very stretched out like they want to squeeze every inch of fabric they can before cutting the cloth and moving on to the next piece of furniture (probably the case). As a result of this, the very first thing I saw when I opened the box was a rip in the end of the loveseat where the arm connects to the side. Rather than spend the time and money on return shipping, I used my Mommy Mending Skills I've magically developed over the last year and a half and simply stitched it back together. Barely noticeable now, however, for $120 I shouldn't have to mend my daughter's furniture right out of the box! Make sure you have a power drill, also, as you have to screw the legs in yourself.Overall I can see this lasting a couple years. Not a bad deal, seeing as you can get this whole set for a little more than ONE chair is going nowadays. Plus if she messes one up, (Insert: jumping, gnawing, kicking, spilling, tantrum throwing) at least I'll have a backup, more than what you can say for an individual chair. Recommend for those who are looking for value over quality. Remember: It's children's furniture. It doesn't matter if you spend $20 or $200, they WILL find a way to destroy it, eventually. =)EDIT Jan 2013: I have had this set for over two years now, I thought I'd touch base on how it has held up. As far as quality buildwork goes, there is nothing wrong with the chairs or ottoman at all. They've been jumped on and climbed all over and nothing is broken at all. The fabric itself has not held up as well. It never re-ripped from the spot I had to patch when I first got it, but the edges under the arms are starting to fray a bit. The material hasn't held up well in terms of cleanliness at all. I would suggest when you first get this to put some type of cover over it if you want to keep it nice looking, because even after cleaning up any spills I noticed as soon as they were made, it is like impossible to clean this fabric. When I first purchased this set, I was worried about size. My daughter is still small for her age, and I think we may be phasing the chair out soon, as her butt is barely fitting, however the couch should be fine until something happens to it. Overall, I would definitely say money well spent, and would buy it again, though this time with some type of covering!