We just retired our co-sleeper after 7 months of use with our first baby. I wanted to write a review because when I was pregnant and as a new mom it was so hard to decide if it would be worth the money.We found the co-sleeper to be a life... rather, sleep-saver, for the first few months. It made exclusively breastfeeding soooo much easier because I didn't even have to get out of bed. I could breastfeed in a semi-awake state and then fall back asleep easily (priceless when you are waking up every 2 hours). We also had our changing table at the foot of our bed so I went back to sleep after feeding and my hubbie took his turn to change the diaper and lay our little one back down without having to make a trek to the nursery.As new parents, we naturally felt anxious about leaving our baby alone for even a second. We slept with a night light on so we could look over and actually see her whenever we wanted. We didn't lose any sleep worrying if she was ok.We found the co-sleeper a little tricky to set up and take down but unless you will be doing that daily it isn't that big of a deal. We like the portability of the co-sleeper. We moved it into the living room for our daughters naps so we could clean or just spend some alone time cuddling in our bed (by the way, co-sleeping does NOT ruin *good* marriages). We also took it out of town with us and didn't have to worry about those scarey hotel cribs. It traveled very nicely!My only disappointment with the co-sleeper is that I wanted to use it longer. We got the mini to fit our small 2 bedroom apartment but I was worried that the weight limit was only 23lbs. Well, at 7 months our little one is starting to pull herself up on the sides which means she could easily topple over the edge. Thus, we have moved on to a full size crib at just shy of 15lbs. Interestingly, the co-sleeper warns that it should not be used with babies over 3 months or those that can roll over. Hmm, I feel sorry for the parents with the 23lb 3 month old!!So, was it worth it? Yes. However, a standard bassinet that you can probably find easier and cheaper would probably do just as well. The nice thing is that gently used co-sleepers have a great re-sale value online so even if you find it is not worth your money you can get most of it back by selling it.WARNING TO PARENTS: If I can stress one thing it would be to follow the directions and ATTACH IT TO THE BED. We didn't at first until one night when I fell asleep in our bed while nursing and our daughter slid off my lap. I awoke to find her wedged between our mattress and the co-sleeper with just her little head peaking out!! OMG!! Thankfully her little feet caught the frame of our bed so she didn't slide all the way down. Had we attached it to the bed as the directions say there would not have been a big enough gap for that to happen. So ATTACH IT! - it easily dettaches and reattaches for portability anyway so there is no reason not to.