First the good:1) I love how warm and soft and comfy this changer is. Our baby just seemed happy and comfortable on it, especially when he was tiny.2) Most of all I love how it easily WIPES CLEAN. After changing the baby, I can just swipe it over with a baby wipe if things seem... er... not-so-fresh. That's really priceless. I don't think I could be happy with a fabric-covered changing pad after using this changer.3) The high sides effectively contain toxic waste spills.Now the bad:1) I bought the Vanilla, and it has seriously discolored. The middle is now an unattractive, dirty-looking yellow. I loved the soft cream when I bought it, but now I wish I'd gotten another color.2) The pad has also fused with the painted top of the changing table! I seriously think we're gonna need a crowbar to get it off. On one hand, it sure doesn't move around... on the other hand, the top is going to need sanding and repainting. Now, this is a piece of furniture that we painted ourselves, not a factory finish. Perhaps it wouldn't stick to a factory finish. But it has really ruined the top of our changing table.3) Our son is a smallish 9 months old (35th %ile) and is getting to be too tall. Other pads would probably last longer. The fact that this is so shaped adds comfort and utility, but limits its lifespan.I guess it actually speaks pretty well of the product that, even with these flaws, I'm still happy with my purchase.UPDATE: I contacted BabySmart about the discoloration, and they asked me to send them a picture. I'll send them the picture tomorrow and update with their response. They did seem genuinely concerned about the issue, which I appreciated.UPDATE II: They're sending me a differently colored pad, and told me that they're discontinuing the Vanilla color. Three cheers for customer service! I'll be buying the Cooshee booster when the time comes.UPDATE III, 5/11: They sent me the Cranberry, and I've been using it for a year now with zero problems or discoloration. It's even a little bigger than the Vanilla one was, so it's still usable even for my ever-growing toddler. When we removed the Vanilla one we had to basically chip it off -- it had bonded so strongly to the painted changing table top that it tore when we tried to take it off! So I put down some contact paper, since the top was pretty much destroyed any way. The contact paper eliminated the sticking problem. If I had it all to do over again, I'd probably put down non-adhesive shelf liner before initially using it.