This has proven to be an excellent alternative/option to using a conventional child seat.I have a long career in military and aviation safety (to include mishap investigation), and am a stickler when it comes to ensuring my child is safe (as every parent should be).  As he has started to outgrow his conventional child seat, I was not happy with the selection of booster seats available - from purely a safety standpoint.  While most boosters do a fair job of routing a seatbelt - they do a very poor job at maintaining belt position relative to the child's position - for any given moment.  This vest does the best job of managing the belt path and is not only a great replacement for some boosters - it's even better as a supplement.  I have also tested the vest in the front seat of a car and found it did an excellent job of keeping the belt path where it needed to be.  The only caution I have with the use in a front seat is you either have to be able to deactivate the passenger side airbag AND keep your child's seating position far enough away from forward impact zones - or you need to ensure the seat can go back far enough that your child will not move into the air bag zone.  Logic dictates that either of these options are rare cases (perhaps in a two-seater) - and if there is a back seat available - you should place your child there unless there is no other option to being seated in the front.  Again - front (forward facing only!) seating can be done safely as long as the airbag can be legally deactivated (some automatic systems do that below a certain weight threshold - and some cars come fitted with a deactivation switch), and/or the child can be seated far enough from impact and airbag zones.I gave this product 4 stars instead of 5 stars because it is expensive (as expensive as some higher-tier child seats), and the fact they don't offer three or four size options - because the small is really too big for the small end of their own specifications - and this vest cannot be adjusted enough to really cover the range they specify.  Hopefully, they will tweak the design to allow for more adjustability and/or offer a slightly smaller vest (3-4 years), a true medium-sized vest (5-6 years), a large (6-7), and a x-large (8-10).  Additionally, the limited color options is just lazy marketing.  The last complaint I have is with the shoulder guide cover - it's poorly designed and opens frequently - annoying my son.This vest will earn 5 stars (or a competitors vest will) when they drop the price to a more reasonable range ($75 ballpark), they offer more sizes for better fitment, they offer at least 5-6 more color options and they redesign the top belt guide cover to be more secure and made of better material.