I've recently been turned on to Alva Diapers, which I bought directly from their website at about half the price here. I was surprised when this diaper arrived because it's minky (soft and fuzzy) on the outside, which I wasn't expecting. My other Alva diapers have PUL outers (like a bathing suit material). This diaper is still waterproof, of course.This diaper can be adjusted to be three different sizes, but I wouldn't say it fits from 6 pounds. You probably need to be well out of newborn and 0-3 month clothes before these will fit well, but if you don't mind bulk, you can make do. Alva also makes a newborn sized pocket diaper that would fit much more snugly.It comes with two three-layer microfiber inserts, unlike the diapers I ordered directly from Alva, which only came with one. I was hoping one would be shorter to use when the baby is smaller, but they are both the same size -- a little big on the smallest setting, perfect on the middle setting, and a little small on the largest setting. The good news is that you can double stuff the diaper if you need more absorbency, although that would again lead to a bulkier diaper. My preferred method of stuffing is to use a Charlie Banana medium/large insert because they are four-layer microfiber inserts. If I'm using the three-layer insert, I'll add a Kissaluvs booster (very trim). Overnight, I'll add a Joeybunz hemp insert. Others might just use a prefold instead of this insert. The point is, in my opinion, this insert will not last overnight, for a long outing, or if you have a heavy-wetter. One of these inserts is fine if you'll be changing in a couple of hours and don't have a heavy-wetter.Alvas have heretofore been considered "China Cheapie" diapers which you could get direct from China or from eBay at a fraction of the cost of other big brands like BumGenius or FuzziBunz. What you are giving up by buying that way is the customer service (and some of the instructions being lost in translation, as you can see from the recommendation that you can add "salt" to your diaper laundry on here . . . ????). Now that they're available via Amazon Prime, I'm wondering where they are shipping from and how they'll handle Customer Service. Time will tell! My Alvas from China took a few weeks and had to come through customs. This diaper arrived in two days as promised.My experience with Alvas (and with some diapers which I believe are rebranded but made in the same factory to the same specifications, and sold by smaller cloth diaper boutiques in the US) has been positive. I've used some of them for over a year and have only had one diaper get a rip in the waterproof part. That said, knowing how much you can get them for elsewhere, I'm not sure I would pay double to get the same diaper here.