This is a quick, non-technical review based on my experience using this monitor for three weeks with an infant.Why I chose this model:I chose this model based on the digital technology which I understand reduces interference from other electronic devices in the house or in neighboring homes or apartments.  Reviews of other highly-rated models of monitors mentioned that is was an issue.Pros:*Sensitive microphone on the transmitter that is in the baby's room, it picks up nuanced noises.*The blinking light indicator shows sound volume - the light indicator bar changes from green to red as the noise level increases.  This helps to show you if a noise is a low hiccup or a loud cry.*Ability to use the monitor as audio only.  If you are bothered by the light of the monitor screen at night you can disable the video screen with an easy push of a button.*High quality video that has night vision.  While the night vision display is black and white only, the detail is clear enough so I can tell if the baby's eyes are open or closed.*Ability to wall mount the transmitter or keep it on a flat surface, such as a shelf or bureau.*Thermometer built into the transmitter, so you can see the room temperature displayed on the monitor screen.Cons:*There is a design flaw with the placement of the power button.  If you have the camera tilted downwards fully (as we do because the transmitter is on a shelf over the crib) then it covers the power button.  It doesn't sound like a big deal, but we have to move the camera every time we turn the transmitter off or on.  This requires that we double check the monitor to confirm that the camera is at the correct angle to view the crib each time we use it.  Yes, there is the option to wall mount the unit but we didn't want to drill holes in the wall.*The monitor is not portable, as it is with other models that have handheld or belt-clip monitors.  This monitor is tethered to the AC adaptor.  This is a con because I like the idea of having the monitor with me as I do work in the yard.Overall the transmitter and monitor are small and easy to use (easy enough to use without having to read the directions - just plug both pieces in and you are good to go).  The review is getting 4 stars based on the cons listed above and the high price (as compared to other monitors).