Our son, like many toddlers, is an active sleeper.  When he transitioned from crib to bed, he did so flawlessly, with one exception.  He kept falling out of bed onto the hard wood floors.  Sure the bed wasn't particularly high, but it was a far enough fall to make a good thumping noise and obviously resulted in a lot of crying and disorientation in the middle of the night.So at 2 years and 3 months,  we bought this Bed Rail, and for four months it worked flawlessly, keeping him in the bed.  We just removed it yesterday and he slept through the night without falling out of bed.  Fingers crossed that he doesn't fall out ever again, but I am not confident of this because I can see him moving around quite a bit on the bed.It's a rail. It has two long straps that go under the mattress.  One end of the strap is attached to the rail, the other is has a square hook that grips the far side of the mattress.  You then tighten the strap so the rail is secure against the side of the bed (and the hooks grabbing the far side securely), and you're set.  Check to see that it is tight every night by trying to put your finger between the mattress and the rail.  In the months we used it, it never loosened up even a little.Keep in mind that you have to place it so there is still enough room for the child to fall out of the bed if the child makes his or her way all the way to the end, and you have to make sure there is enough space on both ends for their head to get through so they don't hurt themselves if they wind up crawling or falling out the narrow end.Oddly, our son never really seemed that interested in climbing over it and always scoots to the end to go off the bed where the rail isn't present.  Every morning he wakes up, climbs out of the bed and comes running to the bedroom to wake us up with a smile on his face.  This has been the best thing about having him out of the crib!  We are very lucky because even when he doesn't want to go to bed, he stays in the bed and cries rather than coming out of the bedroom.  I put a video camera in there so I can watch him and at first, he would climb out of the bed when it was nap time (he never did this at night) and I would just yell from downstairs "Andrew, get back to bed" or "it's night night time!" and I would see him turn around and crawl back into bed.  Very cute.