OK...I just finished opening the box and putting two of these little guys together.  While I've bought many items off of Amazon, I've never provided a review until now.  In fact, I came back to my computer specifically to write this review; Stork Craft deserves the praise.  I'm 65 years old with 7 very grown kids and a DIY guy, so I've done a lot of assembly in my time.  Yet I've never seen such quality in the design of this type of item.  As soon as I opened the package I was impressed with the beauty of the wood, the finish, and the color (we ordered "Cognac" color which doesn't appear to be available anymore).  I could see immediately that the thickness of the wood was greater than I expected for the price (~$38).As I went through the assembly process...I kept thinking 'wow, what quality!', the machine screws that are used are hefty and they all fit into the wood via threaded metal inserts.  There are many angles involved in the cuts of the various pieces, yet the fit of every piece and every pre-drilled and pre-countersunk hole was perfect.  I could also see that the rockers were made to be slightly angled outward to provide a more stable/safe base to rock on.I came out of my 'assembly area' twice to point out to my wife how well the horse parts were engineered. Her reaction was more about the look than the fit....'cute, really cute' (emphasis on the 'really').It didn't take very long to put the horses together because the instructions were very clear. To top it all off an 800 Customer Service phone number and address were provided (not always the case for items made outside the US).  All that said, this horse hasn't been 'broken in' yet....so it does remain to be seen how well it rides and for how long.  However, from the construction I'm seeing, I'm betting it will ride well and ride long.  I hope so.The box says the horse is good for ages 2 through 6, with a maximum weight of 60 pounds.  My two grandsons who will own the horses are both not quite 2 years old (one of them has a 5 year old brother who will probably take the horse for a ride now and then, and the other one will have a new little brother very soon).  My hope is that these horses will provide a lot of smiles for all four of these little cowboys, and will be around to carry others on rides beyond when these four boys top the 60 pound mark.  We'll see.