Awesome stroller!  Especially for the price ($118-$130 at time of purchase), it's solid quality, with fantastic features.  It might not be perfect in every respect, but no stroller ever is.This stroller is arecent acquisition for us, so I am REALLY excited about it, especially because it has made my life with two kids 2 and under MUCH easier.  I have found new freedom and I no longer hesistate to go on a walk with them when I'm bymyself!  I think Graco has integrated a lot of new features into this model---taking into account complaints from past customers (reading through the older Duo Glider reviews, it looks like a bunch of them have been addressed).I was looking for a simpler, smaller, lighter-weight option for transporting my kiddos when they don't want to walk.  I didn't want to spend too much since we've already spent a lot on strollers in the past. This is a nice alternative to our Uppa Baby Vista stroller with a rumble (second) seat, which is heavy and bulky and takes up a ton of room in the trunk.Here are my favorite features:1. Really does open and collapse easily with one hand.  I've tried this on a few occasions holding my 8 month old and it's been relatively easy. Just unsnap the side lever to unfold, and pull and twist the handlebar to begin collapsing.2. Lightweight, yet very sturdy and high quality materials: frame is solid, the fabrics feel thick and durable and relatively waterproof (NOTE: the color was a little darker than I expected---the blue is more of a dark teal)3. Assembly is a cinch.  Done in about half an hour. I needed to use a little more force than expected to snap trays into place, but all in all, easy enough and pretty quick.4. Size: For a two seater, it's got a compact footprint and is narrow enough to maneuver through tight spaces. You can't get much smaller than this without giving up comfort, safety and that awesome basket underneath. I've taken it up and down hills and around small spaces and it does great!5.  Both kids have a great view, since the one in back is set up higher.6. Both seats have large canopies that generally create shade in the right spots! There's even a clear backing to the rear canopy, so parents can peek at their babies.  The front canopy is HIGHLY adjustable, the rear is stationary and doesn't shade quite as well, but is adequate.7. Both seats have trays and the parent tray is awesome. Note, there are only two cupholder TOTAL on this model. The back seat tray is a little lame and lacks a cupholder---whatever (I'll use my dropper stopper for that). Parent's tray has one deep, sturdy cupholder (which keeps liquids away from babies and has the canopy as an added barrier). There's a reasonably large, deep, lidded container for keys, wallet, wipes, phone, whatever...8. The basket underneat is very large and the kids' feet don't take up precious cargo space---which is the problem with my UPPA baby Vista when I use the second (rumble) seat.NEGATIVES:1. Rear child tray has no cupholder2. Both seats have only two positions: for the front it's either upright OR deeply reclined (quite nice), for the rear, it adjusts from upright to completely flat. No inbetween.  This is unclear from the product description.  A slightly upright, but reclined position option would have been nice, but isn't the end of the world.3. The rear seat is slightly angled downward and has a tendancy to slide the child's bottom forward.  I make sure the seatbelt is tight, especially because my child's feet can't reach the footrest.4. As with ALL IN-LINE strollers, the child in the back has the ability to kick the seat of the child in front, and the child in the rear can reach and possibly rub the head of the child in front. Depends on how well-behaved your kids are!  Choose seat selection accordingly!All in all: a fantastic product, with an excellent price.  Highly recommended!!!!!!