I've done quite a bit of research on reusable food pouches. I have a 6 yr old, 3 yr old and an infant. I've always made my own babyfood and my kids love smoothies and have loved to eat applesauce out of store bought pouches. I initially purchased the Infantino Fresh Squeezed system. It doesn't use reusable pouches - but does have one available for $8/one reusable pouch (which I thought was a bit expensive). I chose the disposable ones because I couldn't imagine being able to thoroughly clean and disinfect the current reusable ones on the market. After using the Infantino System, freezing my homemade pouches, thawing in hot water I was very satisfied. However, I found myself only being able to make ALOT of pouches at one time to really make it worth the effort of using the Fresh Squeezed System - it's a device that uses a plunger to push the food through the nozzle into the pouch then you seal it with a cap. I really wanted an option to make pouches that I could fill with a spoon or funnel and could be used that day or the next, as well as were easy to clean. I purchased both the Yummi Pouch and the Infantino reusable Keeper Squeeze  pouch at the same time and started using them.Here's my review of both:Yummi Pouch Pros:• Easy to fill with a funnel.• Kids seem to be able to use them easily without problems getting the food out when not using spoon attachments.•  Cleaning seems easy, but I have yet to try Blueberries in them.• Few parts (cap and pouch.Yummi Pouch Cons:• Hard to get back open to clean and I'm afraid of ripping them apart. If you hands are wet they are impossible to open to clean.• The nozzle doesn't seem too durable and I'm afraid my kids will eventually chew on them and they will not be able to be used again.• Nozzle on the side of the pouch is awkward for eating and filling.•  Need to make sure you have the cap on before filling and sealing.• The spoons that came with have a VERY small hole and food has gotten stuck and won't come out.Infantino Keeper Squeeze pouch Pros:• Easy to fill with a funnel.• They are easy for my kids to use.•  I like that the nozzle is upright (not on side of pouch) and made of a harder plastic – I don’t think chewing will damage this as easily.• They completely come apart for cleaning and easily clean with a bottle brush. I'm totally confident that when blueberries are added they will still be easily cleaned.•  My kids and I can get all the food out of the pouch without a problem.• Drying the pouch is easier since it can stand upright without problem.• The spoons that attach to this have a larger hole for food to squeeze out.If your homemade baby food is a little chunky it will still come through.Infantino Keeper Squeeze pouch Cons:• They are quite expensive at $8. I bought mine from Amazon when it was $6.36. This is a bit more reasonable of a price given the quality of this product.• Since this product completely comes apart I've found myself thinking I've lost parts of it, only to find them in the bottom of my sink.Overall, I'm happy with both products, but I believe the Infantino one will be more durable in the long run. However, it is more expensive than the Yummi Pouch which is 6 for $15 ($2.50/pouch) The Infantino disposable pouches run about $.30/pouch).