This diaper bag is so much prettier in person!  I was unsure about the polka-dots, but seeing it in person, it's not overwhelming at all.  I love the pink lining on the changing pad and on the interior of the bag.  It looks well made, durable, very stylish.  I will say it would be better if there were some other color options to choose from and I do hope they come out with new, hip colors/patterns!  I'd probably buy another one!I love the pockets on the outside!  They are roomy enough for toys, coupon organizers, a small board book, etc.  I put the changing pad in the outside "back" pocket (large one the width of the bag) because it is thicker and took up a lot of room inside and with all the stuff I crammed in this bag, the magnet closure wasn't holding so well.I love that all the pockets on the inside are very usable, great size.  My favorite pockets are the ones with a little bit of elastic at the top to help keep items inside them (3 of them on one side of the interior).  The other side of the interior has a couple pockets without elastic lining (I put bibs, diapers, wipes, etc) in those and it seems to work well.  There's also a small zipper pocket near the top on one side that I use for my own items.  And the zippered portion in the middle of the bag is great for anything you don't want falling out.I like that the straps can unhook (one on each side) so you can put it around stroller/shopping cart handles.  I put it on my umbrella stroller and it fits alright, but was a little tight since the straps are not super long.  (But they really can't be, because this bag is quite large!)The zippers seem to be a little flimsy and the straps aren't as comfortable as a lot of other diaper bags out there.  So far, those are the only problems I have come across.For the price, it's a fabulous bag!  I'm excited to use it for air travel - always looking for a good diaper bag for a plane/airport!  I should have no problem putting a book and a magazine in it for myself, in addition to everything I'll need to occupy my daughter.  (I also have a personal DVD player that I always bring on planes and it fits with everything else perfectly!)***** UPDATE March 2011 ******Still have the diaper bag and it still looks as new as the day I bought it!!!  I just used it (after months of not using a diaper bag anymore) for a flight with our now 3 year old.  I still LOVE it.  You can fit water bottles, sippy cups, pop cans, etc in the 5 outer pockets (which have become my favorite part of this bag!).  Also great places for your phone, ipod, snacks, or anything you'd want within easy grasp.  I can fit so much stuff in this bag and somehow it doesn't seem nearly as full as any other diaper bag I've ever had!  I carried it through the airport and it didn't bother my shoulders, even though it was loaded with stuff.It's a beautiful, functional, and very durable diaper bag.  I'm so impressed with this that I'm going to search for another one in this brand for our next baby (if it's a boy, I don't suppose I'll want one with pink lining.).  It's awesome.  I love it so much more than I ever thought I would!