I love, love, love these bags. I'm confident they are sterile with the rip-off top being all the way across the tab, and the writing surface is nice and big and works with a ball-point pen. I also really like that the writing surface is above the zipper rather than the main part of the bag because I don't have to worry about accidentally puncturing the bag when writing on it or the ink leaching through to the milk (which is just my paranoid self probably!). I love that the package has a zipper so that my bags stay clean until I use them, or you can use the slit if you keep them on your desk or countertop and want to have easy access like a baby wipes package.I think they feel a little bit thicker/sturdier than some other bags I've tried but are still flexible & don't feel brittle at all. Like most other bags, it's hard to get it to show the right measurement because you have to get the bottom unfolded & sitting just right, but I use the measurements on my pumping bottles anyway--not a problem for me. The price is right, too! I wish I could buy these in stores around me because I have to notice how many bags I have left and reorder while I still have at least 20 left because I store smaller amounts and go through a lot of them (I try to do 2 ounce bags but get a lot of 1-1.75 oz bags). I'm really excited about the new Baby Food Bags this company is making that come in 4 oz because I won't feel quite so bad about using so much plastic, and I think those are biodegradeable as well. I'm curious about the adapter that allows you to pump directly into the bag, but like I said about the measurement quirks, I am hesitant to try it because I like to know how much is really in the bag.These fit fine in my The First Years Breastmilk Storage tray--the one where it has a slider & plate so you can freeze bags upright. My milk is no longer sliding all over the place in the freezer, is nicely organized with the oldest milk in front, and takes up less space than a shoebox. I actually think the Honeysuckle bags fit better in this than the First Years bags that came with the tray!