I researched a lot of seats and felt great anxiety because there are a lot of opinions and very little empirical evidence.  I say this because there does not seem to be an easily obtainable data set which suggest what car seat is safe for your child.  I mean this is my child.  I spent a ton of money putting her and the rest of my family is the safest car, what about a car seat / booster seat?  Where is the testing?Oh well you say IIHS.  Well I say they inspected for fit.  Fit on an average anatomical dummy.  No crashes.Well there are reviews.  Well I found a paltry number of reviews which said, "this seat saved my child's life."  Most of them are on old, out of production seats and I would question the situational relevance.So, I did the following:1) The seat will only work if the child is sitting it is properly and the seat properly fits the child.  I purchased a few seats and tested for fit.  (Amazon's great return policy helped facilitate this.)2) After much reading I agree that keeping my child in a 5 point harness as long as possible is the best.  (So, no her friends don't have to wear a harness, but she does.)This limited the seat selection to boosters which maintained a 5 point harness.3) There is a lot of information about the "Latch" system.  I always wondered why, in booster mode, the lap-shoulder belt was used when there was the Latch system.  Anchor the booster to car, belt the child into the booster seat.  Why have my child's body compressed between the lap-shoulder belt and the un-secured booster seat during a deceleration?  Why not anchor the seat?  Well, because the Latch system has a maximum load and today's booster seats, combined with the child's weigh,t is exceeding their rating.Some manufacturers advertise the Latch system for boosters, but the latch is to stop it from flopping around in the car and not to help restrain your child.  Also, why not use the Latch and Lap-Shoulder belts?  I read that the belts are made to stretch during a rapid deceleration (Crash) and too many belts can lead to too give which means an over-travel of the child.  Meaning impacting the seat in front of them.  (?? Maybe so I do not know where the report is.)So, no latch in booster mode, 5 point harness, a lot of "fit" adjustment, and comfortable so she will sit correctly in it.  Well that only left a few options.  (Also let me add I wanted a major manufacturer.)I purchased the Britax Pinnacle 90 and the Recaro Sport.  (I ended up keeping both.)The Britax Pinnacle 90 uses the vehicles lap-shoulder belt in booster mode.  There is a system which "locks" down on vehicle's belt.  This is VERY positive.  There are other manufacturers that use the vehicles belts in booster mode, but they rely on the tensioning device in the car.  These booster have the belt s"strung" through the seat.  Many reviews assert that this style seat was NOT secure in their eyes because there was too much compliance.  Some found it just fine.  It seemed very situational to me.The Britax Pinnacle 90 bypasses all of this by clamping on the tensioned belt.  It has the 5 point harness and I was able to adjust it for my daughters proportions.  (Very tall for 6 and very skinny.)  She sits well in the seat and finds in comfortable.Most seats at similar prices points will have great side impact, removable seating material, good tethers, etc. etc.  For me it was a seat which I could fit to her, 5 point harness, secure restraint using the vehicles belt system on the seat and not on my daughter.Incidentally the Recaro fit well in my car, I was able to be set up well for my daughter, and it has the 5 point harness.  Now unlike the Britax, the Recaro uses the vehicle's belts in the traditional manner where they string through the seat.  I was able to get them secure.  If not back, it would have went.I hope that this helps spur on those of you researching seats.  Do not follow what I did without question, but do your own due diligence.*  Pay close attention to the various manufacturers nomenclature when reading the directions.  For instances, oftentimes a seat is not considered being used in booster mode when the 5 point harness is used.  Some manufacturers would consider Booster Mode to only be when the Lap and shoulder belts are used "over" the child.  Also, there are various weight limits for the 5 point harness, etc.  Read as much as you can and make sure you understand how each seat provider uses the terminology and how they intend for you to use their product.