I am on my 3rd Exersaucer from EvenFlo because it is the best one I have seen in 5 years.  My 1st child had one, got rid of of not knowing we were gonna have another child...then got another when baby 2 came...and now we are on our 3rd.It comes completely disassembled, but isn't that hard to put together with only a screwdriver being needed.  The most important thing when putting it together is to make sure you don't overtighten the screws because that will cause the screws to come through the plastic later in use (I know this because I did it with the 1st one I owned).  But other than that, simple!!The toys on the saucer are the best ones I have seen on similar items...the right colors and patterns that attract and keep babies attention...and there are a lot of them!  What I like best about the talking pieces on this saucer is the fact that they are much louder than other baby toys.  This may not be a good thing for other parents, but I don't care if I miss a few words on the TV or something else as long as baby can actually hear what the toy is saying is more important to me.  Often times, baby toys aren't loud enough for baby to hear...or they are too loud...this one is perfect (in my opinion), and also has a low/high/off setting.  The only negative I have to say about this is how hard it is to clean because there are so many toys...lots of nooks and crannies for drool to seep into (and my baby is a drooler!!).While this saucer is pretty large, it can fold to about 6 inches high (after simply removing the top toy arch).  I find this option pretty much useless unless you are trying to pack it into your car...but it is foldable.Lastly, mine arrived with 3 broken toys.  Amazon is great and would have just sent me a new one and let me return this one, but I didn't feel like digging through a new box to get the new pieces out (then packaging it all back up to return to them) so I figured I would just call EvenFlo and discuss it with them.  After being on the phone for only 5 minutes, they agreed to ship me the 3 new pieces and I don't have to ship the broken ones back...yeah!!  Love Amazon, love EvenFlo, love the saucer!!  :-)