[Update: Added comparison #4 below, 1-6-2015][Update#2: 5-11-16 - We are the lucky recipients of a 2016 City Mini GT *DOUBLE* stroller and the belt/clip harness is greatly improved for 2016 at least.  I originally wrote THIS review in 2014, so at least in 2016, the belt/clip harness is improved where the clips stay together easier so that clipping in/out is as easy as the regular City Mini.  (We have 2 small kiddos now ;--)  ) ][Update#3: 5-11-16 - the comments are right, THIS City Mini GT is all-terrain, but NOT a real jogging stroller.  This would be very bad for a kid under 2 years of age.  So please do not use the City Mini GT as a *jogging* stroller, rather, only an all-terrain, walking stroller.]We have a regular 2011 City Mini for when our daughter was born.  We went to the Big Box Stores and tried all of the brands and fell in love with the City Mini mainly for the compact size and super-easy folding.  Years ago, my wife had been with her sister-in-law at the mall and their extremely expensive Bug-a-Boo stroller was so heavy and super complicated to fold, it took two of them to get it in the car.  In the years following, we have convinced many a parent to get a City Mini.Now enter the City Mini GT - GT for the never-flat all-terrain wheels that's a dream to use when you're not on smooth ground.  The never-flat wheels are awesome because we also have a B.O.B. Stroller Stride with the big-wheels for jogging and we have to bring a hand-pump to air up the tires ever so often, what a pain!I give the *GT* 4-stars because in comparison to the regular City Mini, my wife still prefers the Regular, non-GT and we would give that a "5".  So why 4-stars for the City Mini GT?1. We feel the regular City Mini is easier to maneuver with one-hand; the regular has technically two small wheels that pivot and seem to maneuver slightly easier.2. The City Mini GT does have an adjustable handle bar angle, but we feel it somewhat makes it easier to tip back for some reason; we are more confident in our regular City Mini and perhaps it is because it is slightly heavier or perhaps the wheelbase might be slightly enlongated that it feels more sturdy.3. After using our B.O.B. with the big wheels, we would NOT feel comfortable jogging with the City Mini GT, perhaps the B.O.B. has more suspension all around and perhaps it is the bigger wheels, but if you don't jog with the GT - then you might as well just get a regular City Mini.  Yes, the GT does offer a locking front wheel, but there's no comparison with the B.O.B. Stroller Stride line for jogging.4. [In 2016, the harness and buckle design is improved!]  The regular City Mini's harness and buckle design is SOOO much better than the 2014 GT.  With the 2014 GT, the shoulder pads are constantly slipping off and the shoulder harness "fits-into" the waist harness and constantly flops out when trying to buckle all 4 pieces together all at the same time.  The REGULAR City Mini's shoulder/waist is connected and you just snap both sides together - one piece, one click.  We didn't realize how frustrating the design was until we made the mistake of only bringing the GT to DisneyWorld, where we were buckling/unbuckling a child every few minutes since there is so much to see and do at the place where dreams come true! ;--)  (We "towed" an Englacha pull-along car seat on wheels behind the GT for child #2 which worked out really well!)Overall, the wheels on the GT make it slightly more bulkier and doesn't fold as flat as the regular City Mini.  So if you had to choose one stroller, we would personally choose only the regular City Mini, since the GT doesn't give us extra features/benefits that we would use over the Regular.  Still, one-handed folding and an improved "brake" make the City Mini GT a great 4-star stroller.  P.S. I would give the B.O.B. Stroller Stride a 3 for overall use since it is pricey, extremely, extremely heavy (we have the BOB *DOUBLE* stroller), the tires need airing up ever so often, and the ONLY reason we have it is for jogging, we would not want to use the B.O.B. everyday.Lastly - always try these out at the Big Box stores, including folding and hoisting it on something waist high (to mimic a car trunk) before you buy.