this is so crazy but believe me when i say it, i have been using this tub ever since my LO was a newborn (she is now almost 10M). the main reason why we purchased this tub was 1) it had a lot of great reviews and 2) because our house ONLY has a working stand up shower.and i can honestly see why this is best moms pick and have so many great reviews bc i love and depend on this so much during bath time!!i will seperate this by months of baby!NEWBORN:i love the sling in the bath. it's easily removable and easy to clean. after every bath i would just wring out the leftover water and hang to dry. no mold from the foam at all! there's also like a tiny bucket/container inside the bathtub which gives me easy access to her soap or wet cloth.3-4MONTHSI hate to admit but i was still using the sling at this time. i had a constant struggle where my daughter would slip sideways on the tub without the sling (only bc she wasn't able to sit up on her own yet). even though she was obviously way too big for it, just for safety, i still used the sling. her legs would be dangling out of the bathtub and her arms would flare out everywhere but it was still good! baby never rolled out of it and never came across a issue of sling breaking/tearing. or the baby being uncomfortable.5-7MONTHSso around this time, we finally took out the sling. also around this time, my daughter started to splash, tried to roll over and kept trying to eat the water. but a few toys in there helps a lot to keep her in control. there's also a more slouched position and a more upright (at the other side of the tab). at first i didn't notice it and just thought the different dents in the tub was so that it could fit on top of a sink. but nope!!! the design of this tub was so well thought of that they included a more upright position for your baby to bathe in when she's older. so awesome bc my daughter started to not like the more slouched position around 7-8months (only bc she's a very active baby and wanted to be more mobile during bath time).8-10MONTHSmy LO is a very and i mean a VERY active baby. i have caught her numerous times to climb out of the bathtub!! it happens to often that i constantly grabbing her and repositioning her back inside the tub. also, she is a long baby so her legs get cramped a lot in the bath. even though i would love to keep using his bath, i sadly have to let it go around this time...overall, this bathtub is amazing and it's truly a bathtub to keep throughout the first year of your LO (unless your LO is as active as mine haha).i'm sure if my baby wasn't so free spirited or active, i would use this all the way till she was 1. but for now, i have to look into a bigger tub. i can't believe how much i got out of this tub in he last 10M...(and with only spending less than $20!!!!)i will definitely recommend this tub to all my newly pregnant friends and will probably purchase again for the next baby!!