I did research for over a week for the right mattress... The wife wasn't happy because the crib sat empty for a week, but I was happy because of my purchase.We have only had it a couple weeks. But here is why the 5 stars:Smell: No chemical smell. This was very important to me. I have a sensitive nose, and I also hate chemicals. So my nose was the first thing to touch the mattress - creepy but true.Firmness/weight/durability: very well constructed and heavy. Not cheap and very firm... I didn't notice a huge difference at all between the 2sides. If you want a memory foam mattress then go buy one, but this is not it.Material: I originally was going to buy an organic mattress but I heard they smell like pure chemicals, so after much research this is the BEST available nonorganic mattress when looking for few chemicals. I obviously chose this over an organic mattress because I listened to the reviews and I'm glad I did.Best bang for the buck right here!****UPDATE: between 4-6 weeks of use, the edge of one seam started to give way. There is now a tear 5 inches in length because of poor craftsmanship - I will be contacting the manufacturer today and will update this comment accordingly.****UPDATE: I wrote an email to customer service. I requested an RA, took very detailed images of the defective mattress, showed proof of purchase, and requested a new mattress per Simmons defect guarantee/warranty. I received a response email within 2 days with the gentleman's direct contact info (customer service contact info is on the Simmons card included with the mattress - don't bother looking online as you may get confused). I had a new mattress at my door within 5-6 days of the response email. I carefully looked over the new mattress. There are 2 air vents on each of the long sides of the mattress. 1 of the 4 vents had the material starting to come out around the vent, but I took a think object and slid it back underneath. The edging - where the original mattress came apart - is not the best! But for the price, you cant beat it - so I am leaving the 5 stars and would definitely recommend this to everyone (the edge stitching looks to be single thread - another go around with the stitch and I think this mattress is perfect).Great customer service! Turned a seemingly poor experience into a very pleasant one[sorry for the length]