I have tried out a few different pouches in the last several months. These are the first ones that I love! I have tried the Nourish with Style refillable pouches, the infantino squeeze station with pouches, and these.  I was hesitant to order the squooshie pouches with animals because of the steep price.  I was happy to discover these ones at a lower price point, so I decided to try them out.  Feel free to skip ahead to the second to last paragraph if you don't care to know what I did not like about the other ones I tried and what I did like about the Squooshie pouches.My biggest problem with the nourish with style pouches was their little, cheap caps.  This doesn't seem like a big deal, but store bought pouch lids and pouch accessories did not fit on these pouches. The pouch pop toppers could stretch over these, but the little spoons and other accessories did not fit.  Also, it can be hard to get all of the food out of the square shaped top.  The plastic for the top part and the actual pouch was cheaper materials than the squooshie pouches too. These ones can be hard to fill since the plastic material is flexible so they can flop over, and there is no way to set them upright. The squooshie pouches did not have any of these issues.The infantino squeeze station and pouches are ok and work well.  They are just pricey when you start adding everything up.  By my best guestimation, you probably don't save very much money buying this set up rather than just buying the store bought pouches.  These pouches are not reusable.  Their caps fit on the squooshie pouches though. The pouches for this are clear plastic and the plastic spout is quite small so only very fine purees can be put in the pouches (I'm talking watered down yogurt thin and don't even consider putting something with fruit chunks in it.)The squooshie pouches are made out of a material similar to store bought pouches (kind of an aluminum type material) so they are not see through.  Being able to see through the pouch is kind if nice so I can remember what is in it if I make it ahead, but not a big deal to me. But the material is sturdy, and the caps are large and flat so I can set them on the counter and they will hold upright while I fill them. The pouches claim to fit 4.5 oz and I can fit 4 oz in fairly easily, but any more than that refilling from the bottom is pushing it.  I can squeeze in a bit more if I tap the pouch with the lid at the bottom on the counter to get out the air bubbles.  The seal works great even with food in it.  I just let it get messy, seal it up, then wash it in the sink.  No leaks yet! All of the pouch accessories, including store bought pouch lids fit this fine. I am also able to put in thick purees even with small chunks and my barely one year old sucks out the food fine using a pouch pop topper. The shape is also better for washing out since it is rounded at the top. The food cleans out so easily! As a bonus they have written directly on them that they are reusable, dishwasher safe, BPA free, and not to microwave. Now I can be more sure there won't be an accident at the babysitters house.  ChooMee tops and Pouch Pop toppers both fit on these pouches.So overall, if you plan to make a lot of pouches in advance and freeze them then just throw them away when you are done, the infantino squeeze station and pouches might be worth it. If you are like me and make most of your pouches fresh or only plan to make around 8 at a time, these are much better and more worth the price in the long run.  At a little over $3 each, I figure filling them each up 4x will more than pay for the pouches over buying them pre-made at the grocery store.  It's also much better for the environment to not waste so many pouches!Update: 6 months later and we still love these!  I have not had a problem with a single one of my pouches.  I sometimes hand wash and sometimes wash in the dishwasher.  Food has not gotten stuck, at least not permanently, in the zippers and all of the zippers hold tight and work great still.  Honestly, this is probably one of my favorite baby items I've bought.  We typically use these for yogurt and apple or pear sauce with pureed veggies mixed in.