We are well pleased with this stroller, and I would recommend it to others.  The only real problem with this stroller is the lack of cargo space and the difficulty with which the cargo space is accessed.  To accommodate for the lack of access to cargo space, I use stroller hooks to affix my diaper bag to the stroller frame, and I use a mommy hook on the handle to attach any odds and ends.I have not purchased a bar or any trays to go in front of kids, and I'm happy about that.  I think they'd just be in the way, really, and they're not necessary.  I also didn't  purchase the baby seat adapter, but rather, started laying my infant in this stroller for use when he was about 3 months old.  I would have done so earlier if I needed to, but it was winter and I wasn't really using a double stroller while the baby was that little.  I'm glad I saved the expense on those accessories.The stroller does need a parent console.  The best option I've found for that is the bob duallie console.  It's not a perfect fit, but it's adequate and functional.  I also bought the baby jogger stroller bag for use with airline travel and was much more impressed with the travel bag than I had expected to be.The stroller handles well.  It turns on a dime, and there is no problem getting through doors at commercial establishments.  I tried it in my house, and it goes through most interior doorframes as well.  It's good for use at the mall, the park, or bumpy city sidewalks.  It is not, however, a jogging stroller, but it handles multiple types of terrain very well.  It's got lots of space for our toddler, and the separate recline for the baby is great.  The shades are large and I didn't realize before this stroller how nice it is to have such large sunshades.  It's also great that they operate separately. The stroller folds easily, and folds small.  It takes up drastically less trunk space than my single babytrend jogger.  It's also easier to fold and easier to load in and out of my Ford Fusion trunk than the single stroller.  On a recent trip we fit this stroller and two large pieces of luggage along with some smaller items in the trunk of our Ford Fusion.The only complaint is the cargo space.  It seems to me that the design could be modified with only slight adjustments to allow meaningful access to the cargo space.  As it is, the cargo area will hold quite a bit, but nothing that is large.  So, you can put lots of small items in--jackets, lunch bags, half filled duffel bags, but you cannot fit in a full diaper bag or anything of the sort.We got a good deal on this stroller, and I would buy it again and recommend it to others.