First of all this swing was a life saver. It calmed my baby down in those early months during the evening meltdowns. As LO grew older and turned into cat napper, this swing was the only place he would sleep for more than half an hour (well, this and the car seat, but I cannot drive around 1.5 hr every time he takes a nap).I loved:- Whisper quiet - at least until it developed clicking sound, but more about it later- Mobile was interesting and hanging low enough he could bat at the elephants. It isn't too distracting and I love the ability of removing it.- The seat seemed comfortable and the insert was hugging him nicely.- 5 point harness gives me piece of mind now that he is more mobile. When he was younger I would place him in a swing swaddled and on a low setting - always supervised. It was somewhat annoying that the harness cannot be used with a swaddle.- Long battery life: with daily use I have changed the batteries once in 7 months period.- Attractive: I didn't need another item screaming "Baby on board!!!". This swing has nice calm colors, very elegant.- Range of motion - nice wide swing and 2 different ways of swinging. Smooth motion was very calming for baby.- Nice selection of music and nature sounds including white noise (ocean waves, etc)Now the not so great:- Automatic shut of: the swing allows you to set timer to turn the swing of after 3 pre-set amounts of time (I think 15, 30, 60 minutes). But in addition it turns itself of after 90 minutes. If your child wakes up when it stops swinging, you better remember to creep quietly to the swing and restart the automatic shut off! Do it few times a day, for few months and you will start hating it with passion.- Music shut off - I believe it plays for 15 minutes and turns off. At some point it got more disturbing than helpful.- Clicking: After few months of use the swing developed clicking sound. First it was only on the highest setting, with time it got to the point that it would happen even on the lowest setting. Not all the time, but every minute or so. If this starts happening to your swing my suggestion would be to call customer service ASAP. And here is why:- Customer service: The first call got me bored and somewhat unresponsive rep. Her fixing suggestion didn't work so I ended up calling again and got someone more responsive and was promised new part in "7-10 business days". 2-3 weeks later, still nothing and the clicking sound is getting worse. Called again - no, they don't have anything in their system indicating that I called and that they are sending the part. The rep was very nice this time and in case the motor wasn't the issue she added another part which could be the clicking culprit. Called few days later to make sure they have my order. Yes they do, no they didn't ship it yet. Waited another 3 days - at this point the clicking is driving everyone crazy. All lines are busy. All lines are busy. Finally: "the number you are calling cannot be reached.". Wait I got through! No, they dropped my call. 10th time is a charm - nice lady this time informed me that it did ship. No tracking number - I guess I will wait patiently.I would still recommend this swing. But if it starts developing any problems, don't wait and call customer service sooner than later. At least until they start providing some form of email confirmation.UPDATE: I received the parts about 5 days after the call. The motor part replacement fixed the clicking issue and the swing is whisper quiet again. The company also sent a 10% off coupon - nice touch. I found out that my initial call happened around the time they were switching a computer system and the order could have been lost due to that. Either way, I appreciate that they were true to the 1 year warranty and replaced the part.