This stroller is, in a word, awesome! Having two toddlers (one 2 1/2, one 15 months) and another on the way, I wanted to find a replacement for a cumbersome hand-me-down stroller I had. I researched doubles until I was blue in the face! Armed with my data, I hit the stores and started test driving them--with the children aboard. The Peg Perego Aria Twin is by far the best.It's got all the features that we wanted and needed: SUPER SIMPLE to open and close, extremely lightweight to carry and easy to turn with its single bar handle that goes across both seats, very narrow--it fits through a standard sized doorway, comfy padded seats with wonderful hoods (a rain shield is an available accessory), safe 5-pt harness restraints that are easy to stow away when they are no longer needed, and a simple to use, multi-position reclining seat on each side, a generous, easily accessible basket for storage, easy flip trays on each side so the children can eat their snacks, and a cup holder for me.My children love sitting in it together side by side, and we love the fact that we can see both of them at the same time. When the new baby comes, I am confident that we will be able to put him/her in the stroller safely and comfortably. Alright, so my husband and I swallowed hard when we shelled out the cash for this one, but seeing as we'll be using it for the next 3 years (I only wish I had bought it when our second was first born!), we consider it more than worth the hefty price tag. At first we thought we'd prefer the tandem style double so it could accept a infant carrier, but we never liked not being able to see what our front-loaded child was up to, plus, those were a bear to turn and push. Not to mention, you only get about 6 months worth of using the carseat option, so it's not worth it. We also tested the models with two and three curved handles, which look really cool, but were in essence more difficult to turn and maneuver, especially with one hand, and I'm often restricted to using one hand when I'm out with the kids. With the single bar handle, I can push with my torso if I have to! Plus, those strollers often had storage baskets with bars in front of them.The one thing I wish this stroller had (but I could probably buy a compatible add-on) was some sort of compartment for parents (to store keys and whatnot). I am used to that with my travel system, and it's the one thing I find absent. Other than that, it's a rockin' stroller!