I always read the reviews of products before I purchase an item. I read the reviews for this product which stated the following problems: torn seam, bunched up inner cotton batting, odd chemical smell, unable to find size appropriate covers and fabric not as shown on amazon (which also included a pic of what the fabric did look like). I then found this item for a discounted price ($20.15 due to open box...most likely a returned product) and because I liked the jaquard pattern and color another customer photo had shown (matches our nursery theme perfectly) decided I was willing to chance the problems. I placed the order on June 20 and received it on June 22. That was the free super saver shipping and NOT two day shipping so I was highly impressed that I received it so quickly. Upon opening the product I did indeed find that the inner cotton batting was bunched up at one end of the mat under the jaquard cover (which was as the cutomer photo had depicted). I also noted that there was a small opening about an inch long in the seam at the bottom corner of one end (this was not a tear but simply where the thread was unravelling). I used this to my advantage and picked out the threading along the entire end. I was then able to reach under the jaquard cover and straighten out the quilted cotton batting and then resewed the end securely. This entire process took me about 1/2 an hour. If I had not been able to repair the problem myself in such a short period of time it would not have been worth it, but any novice seamstress will find that this problem is easily fixed. It is a really nice changing pad both visually and functionally. This is a larger pad but I wanted a larger one so that it could be used for a longer duration. You can find covers to fit it using most any search engine including the length in your search. However, the product already has a cover on it (the jaquard fabric). It is not washable, but you only need to purchase waterproof pads which are much cheaper than a cover anyways. Finally, I did not notice any sort of odd chemical smell coming from this product. That was actually the first thing I checked for as such a thing would have caused me to immediately return it. Overall, given that I was able to fix the minor problems with this product, purchased it at a reduced price and received it so quickly I gave it 4 stars. I would not recommend this product to someone who has no sewing skills or does not know someone who could do the repairs for them as given the other reviews it is likely that the product will need some alterations.