I love this stroller.  For the price, you really can't find another high quality double jogging stroller.  My twins are on the tall side and have plenty of head room (I borrowed a friend's BOB duallie when I was traveling and my kids' heads brushed against the canopy).  The baskets underneath are a good size and easy to access (again, the BOB was very hard to get stuff in and out of).  I love that it comes with snack trays for the kids, as well as a parent console with 2 cup holders.  The stroller is very sturdy and I am able to push both twins plus their older sister who likes to sit on the footrest part.  The canopies are great (they ratchet forward and back, independently from each other).I jog with my twins in this stroller 5-6 times per week.  The wheels lock easily and while they still vibrate a bit, it is very comfortable to run with (a tip I discovered to stop the vibrating completely is to stick the end of a paper clip into the hole where the pin goes).  I'm able to run ~8 minute miles and can easily push the stroller around corners with one hand.  It's not as lightweight as a BOB (I believe the Navigator weighs ~10 lbs more), but I don't have any problem running with it and my kids are quite comfortable.The only downside I've found to this stroller is its weight and folded size.  I have a minivan, so there's plenty of room in the back for me to throw the stroller.  I don't need to take the wheels off to put it in my car, but I think that if you had a smaller car you might have trouble fitting it in.  The weight issue doesn't really bother me, but might bother others.  I'm a tall (6') woman and athletic.  The stroller isn't super heavy, but it's awkward.  A more petite woman might have a problem folding, unfolding and lifting it into a car.For me, buying this stroller was a no-brainer.  I wasn't willing to spend the big money on a BOB or similar stroller (plus spend more for the snack trays, parent console, etc).  I've had this stroller 2 years and I've been very please with how well-made it is.  My kids have loved it, and while there have been times I wished it were a little lighter, I couldn't ask for a better stroller for the amount I paid.