We were looking for a potty for our then-2 year-old, which would fit in with the decor of our master bathroom.  The Boon Potty Bench was perfect for this purpose.  It's a very attractive potty that doesn't look too "childish," so it's a good choice for a grown-ups' bathroom.  Because of its sleek profile (especially with the lid closed), the Boon Bench is also a good potty to put in non-bathroom rooms of your house (e.g., the living room or family room), since it doesn't scream "potty."  This makes it a handy choice for early potty training, when many parents opt to have a potty in practically every room of the house, so there's always a potty within easy reach if their child feels the urgent need to "go."The reason I gave the Boon Bench 4 rather than 5 stars is that it has a few shortcomings.  Firstly, the sitting surface of the potty is completely flat, with no padding whatsoever.  Although this does make it easy to clean up any waste that gets on the seat, it also makes the seat uncomfortable for little-ones to sit in for very long.  This will likely not be a problem if your child is already potty-trained and spends only a short time on the potty, but could be an issue at the early potty training stage when little-ones often need to sit on the potty for longer stretches before doing their business.  (Especially #2).  In addition, if your child tends to "plop" (sit) down hard on their potty seat, the rim of the non-padded plastic hole in the center of the seat can dig into tender tushies.The second downside of this potty is related to the splash-guard.  It's a plus that the splash-guard is soft, so kids don't hurt their delicate anatomies when sitting down on the potty.  But that's where the benefits end.  And I should say right off the bat that if you have a little girl (like I do) and think that you won't have to use the splash guard, think again.  I tossed the splash-guard that came with our Boon Bench when it first arrived because I thought we wouldn't need it, and I ended up having to order a replacement from Boon when it became clear that we did.  Because the potty seat itself is completely flat, if your little girl leans back even a little, pee will shoot over the front of the potty onto the floor.  So the splash-guard is a must, even for girls.  That said, however, the splash-guard makes this potty more difficult to use.  The drawer-cup that holds the waste can easily be removed with the splash-guard on, but putting it back in is another matter entirely.  You have to bend the splash guard forward in order to slide the drawer-cup back into place, which is awkward, at best.  And on top of that, when the splash-guard is on, the lid of the potty can't close completely, so it can't be used as a step-stool or bench.  Of course, you can remove the splash-guard, but that takes some time and effort since it fits pretty snugly into a slot in the drawer-cup.  Therefore, the Boon Potty Bench isn't a good choice if you plan on using it alternately as a potty and step-stool on a daily basis.  (E.g., if you have a small bathroom and are looking for a space-saving, dual-purpose potty so you don't have to buy a separate step-stool).All in all, this is a decent potty, as long as you're aware of its limitations.Grade: B