I was using Avent bottles when I received a free sample of this bottle from Similac. I hear that babies have a bottle preference but mine didn't seem to so this review is all about user preference.Avent: 5 pieces to clean. Wide neck bottles are easy to use, there's an adapter to use them with a Madela pump, and they are still thin enough to easily throw into a diaper bag. I never had a problem with them leaking or melting when I sterilized. They cloud up after a while and the very tip of the nipple is hard to clean but you can get a special bottle brush. Using them with my son, he burps A LOT.Similac: 6 parts to clean. Wide neck bottles I thought were easier to clean then the Avent ones. The bottle is wider, nipple is wider, it's all easier to clean without special bottle brushes. If you aren't careful in assembling the bottle they will leak so badly that you may as well not bother putting a nipple in and just pour the milk directly onto your child instead. That being said, it's user error because I can take my time assembling the same leaky bottle a second time and it doesn't leak. May not be a big deal to some, but it may mean more curse words at 3am when you are half asleep and your baby is wearing his midnight snack. The Avent bottles didn't seam to have this problem when I was mindlessly assembling them. Similac bottles are wider all around so they are harder to fit into bottle warmers, coolers, and diaper bags. But, they are easier to hold while you are feeding I thought. The stir thing is great in theory, but I didn't notice a big difference in the amount of bubbles that it produced (but my son is 100% breast milk as of yet so I just have to mix milk when it separates in the fridge. Not sure how it would do on powder formula). My son seemed to burp less with this bottle, but not such a big difference that I can say he swallows a lot less air with these.Overall, the Similac bottles are easier to clean which you will be doing a lot more of when they leak. And they will leak if you don't take your time to assemble the bottles (and even then, there's a 50/50 shot that you missed something and it will leak anyway).