What more can I say,No Alcohol. No Fragrances. No Parabens. No problems!And to boot, this witch hazel has only two ingredients:1) Witch hazeland 2) Benzoic Acid as a preservative.The main (active) ingredients in sea breeze are camphor, clove oil and eucalyptus oils, in a base of sd-ALCOHOL and glycerin...You can make your own alcohol-free version using those same essential oils with a pure (alcohol-free, fragrance-free, paraben-free)Witch Hazel instead of alcohol, etc.. as a base... Your skin (and hair) will thank you for it.Pros:1. It's super gentle2. It's 100% alcohol-free! This formula does not contain ANY alcohol unlike the cheaper drugstore versions which are preserved with 14% alcohol or/and parabens, etc...3. No Added ingredients to dilute the purity of the mixture (no aloe, fragrances, essential oils, alcohol, etc...), only has a bit of benzoic acid as a preservative...4. If you really want to add alcohol to any of your sanitizing or toning agents, it's safer if you control the amount of alcohol by starting with an alcohol-free base...Cons:Only one:1. Costs too much. At only 8ounces, it's about 3-5x more expensive than the12-ounce drugstore brands that do contain alcohol, which can be a serious negative for those on a student/tight budget :(--NOTE: if you choose the drugstore brands, get the one preserved with 10-14% alcohol, it's safer than the ones with parabens as preservatives...---A stimulating Scalp Pre-Shampoo Spritz:2oz of Witch hazel (alcohol-free)plus one drop each of -tea tree oil, rosemary oil and peppermint oilApply to scalp for 5-15 minutes and shampoo out (aids in growth and controlling dandruff). For a stronger pre-treatment steep a bag of green tea or silver needle white tea in stove-top warmed witch hazel for 1 hour, then allow to cool slightly and strain and add essential oils and spritz scalp and hair before shampooing, and if desired, add a small amount of mixture to shampoo for even greater penetration.Note: Now there is a place and use for everything, and in general, alcohol should only be used as a medical-grade "sanitizing" agent in pure strength where chronic/persistent conditions persist, misted/applied over stitches, cuts, infections, chronic fungus issues as dermatitis, eczema, psoriasis, rashes, chronic acne, etc., and then followed by a soothing layer of pure (alcohol-free) witch hazel. . . Finished with a layer of pure aloe-vera under your favorite moisturizer or coconut oil.But for general toning needs, you don't have to add alcohol to your products for actual added toning strength --instead, use all-natural, alcohol-free essentials such as tea tree and clove oils and peppermint oils...Our grade: B; or 4-Stars!