Lets start by saying that my husband and I love love love this baby carrier. We've spent a lot of effort and time to find one that's 1) comfortable for our baby 2) easy to use 3) versatility 4) long term good investment. We brought our 5 month old baby with us to Baby R Us to try out all the carriers in person before ordering one... we were there for 3 hours! This review will only focus on LILLEbaby, BOBA 4G, and ERGO 360...basically our top three contenders. Please note that I didn't try to breast feed while trying these on so I cannot comment in that aspect.BOBA 4G ($125):Pros:-Very easy to use. I can get baby in and out quickly. Only requires two clicks. 1st clip is located midline low back and 2nd clip is located between shoulder blades. Since the 1st click is located midline lower back, it feels like the support is more evenly distributed. Also, I think this would help if you plan on using it during pregnancy.-Our baby seemed to enjoy it. She didn't fuss at all when we tried this one. Walked around in it for ~10 mins and she fell asleep.-$125 seemed like a good investment considering that you can use this till baby is ~45 lbs-Pocket located in front, on the belt. Enough space for phone/credit cards...-Two small shoulder straps that can be used for keys/purse-Infant insert included in price.-Hood can be detached-Padded shoulder strapsCons:-Limited versatility. Only acts as front and back carrier. Baby cannot be frontal facing out (which is our baby's favorite position)-Can get really warm. I guess this is a good thing if you live in a cold place. We only see ourselves using this during the summer or inside therefore this is a huge negative for us.ERGO 360 ($159):ERGO 360 is highly rated by a lot of people and I am sure it works wonders for them. My review on the ERGO 360 is based on our baby and our experience with it. I still recommend trying it on in person. You might have a different experience than us.Pros:-Versatility for sure. You can wear baby in 4 different positions (front facing out, front facing in, hip, and back)-Baby can wear till ~33 lbs-Has a hood. Not sure if it's detachable. We didn't try to take it off.-Padded shoulder strapCons:-Baby hated it. We tried it on 4x and she cried all 4x. Again, this is OUR baby so I cannot say that it's uncomfortable for all babies...-Difficult to put on/take off. It seemed like forever trying to get her in and take her out of this carrier. Perhaps it seemed much longer since our baby was crying? Again, this is subjective.-The giant belt is velcro. It was really loud to take it off. Huge turn off since it can definitely scare my baby.-No baby insert. You need to purchase it separately.-It's pricey compared to others.-This one also can get really warm.LILLEbaby  Airflow ($125):Pros:-Versatility. Up to 6 different positions.-Mesh fabric so a lot of air flow. This is important since it will not get as warm/hot compared to others.-No need to buy baby insert-2 front pockets. one for the hood and the second one is big enough for phone, doggy bags, credit cards..-padded shoulder straps-very easy to put on and get off. two clicks like the Boba 4G. First clip is on the side and second clip is on the upper back between shoulder blades. I don't mind the side clip but I am not sure if it would be comfortable for pregnant or really skinny people since it sits pretty close to the hip bone.  the second clip had a mini pad underneath to prevent it from digging into your back from prolonged use.-Our baby loves loves loves it.-It has a lumbar support pad that can be detached.-Can be used till ~45 lbsCons:-Doesn't have straps for purse/keys.I mean...if BOBA 4G mated with ERGO 360..LILLEbaby would be their ideal child...only carrying their best genes!!! Seriously though, I highly recommend taking the time and bringing your baby to the store to try out the carriers. Who knows, you baby might be completely crazy happy with a $20 carrier and a complete disaster with a $100+ carrier.