My twins are almost four and were starting to get too big for their potty chairs and we wanted to introduce them to the big potty. This Munchkin potty seat was one of the first results I saw plus we've had good experiences with the Munchkin products we've purchased so I decided to buy this one. It was a good price and has a couple choices of colors so I purchased the blue one for my boy/girl twins.This potty seat is made in China and is designed to hold your child securely in place. It has two plastic handles for stability so your child has something to hold onto in case they feel scared to sit on the big potty. The potty is white with the exception of the colorful edges all around the seat that hold it in place on the big potty. These same edges on the back allow the seat to sit on the toilet tank or the floor and not fall down. There is a splash guard so boys can use it without making a big mess around the toilet which is a mother's dream (okay, one of them)! This seat is also easy to clean. If there are any drops on it, I just wipe it down with toilet paper or a diaper wipe and clean it with antibacterial wipes at the end of the day.This seat measures 13 1/4 inches in width from the side of one handle to the side of the other handle, 12 1/2 inches from front to back, and 3 inches high (at the highest point). The hole in the seat measures 5 1/4 inches wide and 6 inches from front to back. The splash guard measures about 1 1/4 inches above the toilet seat. On the bottom, the non-slip edges measure 10 1/4 inches wide at the widest point.We've had this seat for almost four months and it's working well for us. It fits well with our two toilets upstairs and it's lightweight so my kids can easily grab the seat from the toilet tank and put it on the toilet themselves. This seat just sits on top of the big toilet seat and the non-slip edges prevent the seat from shifting, as long as the hole in the big toilet seat is big enough. Together with Bumbo Step Stool, Pink, my kids can get themselves up on the toilet without assistance. The seat is also a good size for putting inside a plastic shopping bag to take on trips, to daycare, or anywhere else you may need to take it.The reason I gave this seat four stars instead of five is because we took it to my in-laws' house recently and this seat didn't fit well on their toilet. I don't think they have a particularly small seat but, in order to use this seat, I had to hold my kids on the seat and it was still uneven. It worked out okay for us but it wasn't optimal. The holes in our toilet seats measure just over 8 inches wide so if yours are similar, this seat should work for you.Overall, we are happy enough with this seat since it works well with our toilets. Since we are potty training twins, we decided to purchase a second one in green so our kids wouldn't have to wait to use the toilet and could use the other bathroom. This seat doesn't fit well in the bathroom at my in-laws' house but we were still able to use it. This seat is nicely priced, easy to clean and safe for my kids to use plus they are able to use it themselves easily. If you are in the market for a potty seat for your child and the hole in your toilet seat measures at least 8 inches, this one should work for you and I'd recommend purchasing this one!