After ordering and evaluating 5 different bags, this is the one!  I have 2 school-age kids with lots of activities to keep up with, a 4 year old and a new baby.  I wanted to find a diaper bag that looked a little more classy and purse-like, and held plenty of gear in an organized manner, as well as holding a few items for myself so I can ditch the additional purse.  The fabric on this bag is beautiful.  I was afraid it would be very light and therefore show dirt easily, but it is darker than it appears on the website, but still very attractive.  There is faux-leather reinforcement on the bottom, along with metal feet.  I first ordered this bag in indigo dot and was really turned off by the blue faux-leather straps and trim, they just looked so cheap and plastic-like.  I saw the bag in black dot in a store and it was no better.  However, in pewter dot, the same straps and trim in the metallic grey color don't look bad at all!  As other reviewers have said repeatedly, the bag has lots of good-sized and useful pockets, including 6 open pockets and one zippered pocket inside the main compartment and two large bottle pockets, two zippered pockets on the front and one open/magnetic pocket and a medium sized zippered antimicrobial pocket on the back.  I was able to put all my diaper bag necessities including an aden and anais swaddle blanket and baby k'tan wrap, my wallet and several essentials from my purse into the bag in a way that I can find anything quickly, and there is still plenty of room for extra items if needed.Addendum:  one month laterI am still loving the bag and have had several compliments on it.  My only complaint is that the stroller strap clips are very difficult to use - they are small and have to be opened wide to get the clip open, which is hard to do with one hand while holding the bag up under the stroller with the other hand!  Then, since the stroller straps are short, if I need to get anything out of the bag I have to unclip and then reattach it to the stroller, a tedious process.  This would be the one area in which I'd suggest improvement to this bag.