So we started using this unit about a week ago when we moved my daughter out of our room and into her own. It comes with a receiver (with a clip) for your room AND a base for baby's room. You can either choose to use them with batteries or you can use the adapters to plug them into a wall. The switches on each unit are very simple to operate - "Off" and "Channel 1(ON)" and "Channel 2(ON)". There is also headphone jack in the receiver in case you want to use head phones to hear your baby. It doesn't have a built-in night light but that didn't make the slightest bit of a difference to us.When I first took them out of the box, I'll admit, the units were so light that I thought they were going to be a piece of junk (because heavier sometimes means better quality - more components/more durable/etc.). Nevertheless I plugged the base into her room and the receiver into our bedroom wall and set the receiver on a desk we have. And yes, like the title says, it was CRYSTAL clear - it was so clear I wasn't even sure it was correctly turned on, but it was. So far so good. Then my husband and I did the "sound test" to set the volume to a comfortable level and again, so far so good.A few hours later I went back into our room to grab something and I noticed a slight buzzing/humming/static sound. But being that the sound was mild we ignored it. Finally at bedtime we went into our bedroom and noticed the buzzing was even louder - it was starting to get annoying, and I was starting to get worried that we wasted $20 on YET ANOTHER monitor. The louder I turned the volume the louder the buzzing, and I couldn't really hear my baby very well....what was going on? - It was working perfectly earlier!The next day we did some mild investigating and found out that having the receiver plugged into an outlet where another device is also plugged in it somehow creates a static interference. For example, we had our small fan plugged into the outlet below, and the baby monitor receiver was plugged into the upper outlet - Not quite sure why, but when we unplugged our fan, the monitor went back to being crystal clear again. However when we use an outlet splitter we don't seem to have that problem at all. I guess it is just some static interference from various devices. And that is not to say it is the baby monitor's fault - it could just be the location and electric devices in our home causing it. Anyhow we just wanted to include this information just in case anyone has the same problem we did - We ALMOST threw this monitor in the garbage and I am so glad we didn't! So if anyone gets these monitors and has that same problem, try the suggestion above and give it another chance!Having said all of that, after we figured out the mystery and corrected the problem, it has been a GREAT monitor. It is completely clear - absolutely no static - and we can hear every little move our baby makes (if we turned it louder we can even hear her breathing!). Although it had the initial static problem I am still giving it 5 stars for its performance because I am not sure if it is our own home causing the problem. Nonetheless the problem is corrected for good and I am VERY happy with our purchase and I definitely recommend it. Finally something that works that is within our budget!!!(Edit - 3/7/2013: This same baby monitor is still going strong, and is still crystal clear! We laugh sometimes because we can hear the weird little noises our baby makes in her sleep, it really does pick up every little sound.  I really wish we would have just purchased this monitor from the get-go! Highly recommend!)(Edit 1/5/2014: So, we are STILL using this monitor! All I can say is, it's WELL worth the money! We have used this monitor in multiple rooms, taken this monitor on vacations with us, and have kept it plugged in around the clock, and it is still going strong.)