After my Jeep stroller bit the big one in July, I seriously debated about whether or not I wanted to get another one. After all, my son was walking on his own and probably needed to get as much exercise as possible, so I thought that continuing to use a stroller would just impede his steady progress towards independence.That was very flawed logic. After about a month or so of walking with him on a leash and harness, I realized something. If a child can disrobe at a moment’s notice, with or without being told to do so, and can get himself onto the kitchen counters from two different vantage points, and can also open doors on his own and demolish an entire home in less than an hour, then it is time to take away some independence from the child and convert it into some semblance of mental health for the mother. And a great place to start is with regular walks around the neighborhood. In a stroller.So I started researching strollers again. I didn’t want to go for any cheap strollers like I did before, but I also needed the stroller to be between about $75 and $125. So the hunt began. At first, I disregarded any and all jogging strollers. My logic was this: I do not jog, therefore I do not need a jogging stroller.Once again, my logic was very flawed. On a whim, I took a look at some joggers, eventually coming to this one. And so I decided that the price was right and so I could take a chance on this stroller.and I’m really glad I did!Pros:*easy to push. It is literally like pushing air around.*Nice size basket under the child’s seat. I can fit my purse and my son’s backpack under there with a little extra room to spare just in case.*Hinging child’s tray. So, when we go out for a walk, I move the tray away from the seat, beckon my son to sit down, buckle him in, put the tray back in place, and go*Great parent’s tray. I especially love the little compartment with the lid on it. My Jeep stroller didn’t have the door, so basically anything and everything fell out if you forgot you had put it there.*Canopy moves as close to 180 degrees as you could imagine. So, if the sun is in my son’s eyes when we’re walking, I can put the canopy down over his face. Of course, this leave the top of his head exposed, but that’s OK for now. I’ll probably get a net of some kind later on if this becomes too much of an issue.*Easy to assemble right out of the box. This was the easiest assembly of a new stroller I ever experienced. It was done in about 10 minutes and I did not even swear one time. Take that, Jeep Sport Stroller!Things needing improvement:*The bar on the right side of the stroller was not properly secured in place as it should have been. I have figured out how to work around this for the time being, and I’m pretty sure I know how to fix it, but this is the main reason I am only giving it 4 instead of 5 stars. Baby Trend really should have been more careful during factory assembly.*I would really enjoy this stroller so much more if it had a way to fold it with one hand. Again, this is something I can work around and am doing so, but it would be really nice to be able to keep a hand on my son while I’m unfolding and folding up this stroller when we’re out and about.*One foot brake lock. This is a complaint I have about pretty much all strollers. I used to have a used Graco that I got at Goodwill that had a pedal on the back wheels that allowed you to lock both wheels simultaneously. That is really convenient for single moms on the go such as myself, especially since locking the back wheels is kinda the first step in folding up this stroller.Overall, I am really really REALLY happy with this stroller. My son loves it, and we are back to taking regular walks around the neighborhood, for the purposes of helping Mama feel good and lose weight, get the dog his exercise, and to have daily adventures in the world.