Had read about others using these with their Medela pumps when the 21mm flanges were still too big, so I gave these a shot. Unfortunately I didn't realize the 21mm flanges were too big until I had already given away my 24mm flanges. I decided to try shoving them into the 21mm flanges, and it seems to work. Here's how I do it:- I use a cheap sports bra with holes cut out at the nipples as a hand-free pumping bra.- I put on the bra, then insert the flexishield through the hole.- I then use my thumb to push the flexishield into the 21mm flange. The flange is attached to the bottle and sits OUTSIDE the bra. There ends up being about one inch of the flexishield tube sticking out between the bra and the medela flange.- THEN I pull the sports bra out a bit and adjust the flexishield to make sure it's centered on the nipple.- Pump!To disassemble (the order matters, otherwise you could spill and make a mess):- Disconnect the tubes from the bottles.- This may not need to happen first but I usually end up with some milk between the boob and the flexishield, so the first thing I do is to wipe both the boob and the flexishield with a burp cloth.- Carefully wiggle/pull the flexishield out of the flange. Take care that you don't dislodge the flange from the bottle in the process! (If the flange comes off, the bottle will drop and spill!)- As others have noted, the three holes in the flexishield can result in milk not quite making it out, so give the flexishield a few taps/shakes on the flange to get any remaining milk to drip out of the holes. Then you can put the bottles down. Probably a good idea to take the flanges off the bottles at this point to prevent them from tipping, but I don't always do this.- With a burp cloth in your lap just in case, pull the flexishields out of the bra. Sometimes this process shakes out a few more drops that can end up in your lap, hence the burp cloth.I wash all the pump parts, flexishields included, by swishing them around in a small mixing bowl of warm soapy water. With the flexishields I'll also give them a few squeezes while submerged, to force the soapy water through the tube and the holes.I had a drop in supply after my first couple weeks pumping back at work (as compared with previous pumping at home), which prompted me to look into these. Supply seems to have come back up! In addition to using these I also started doing more breast compression/massage, so I can't say for sure that these made a difference, but they are definitely also more comfortable for my small nipples so I think it's worth it anyway.