I actually bought this for myself!  I'm in my thirties, work where almost no one can see me, and sometimes have this restless, jittering anxiety, so *I* chew on this instead of pens or whatnot.  It looks just like real jewelry, even after some really stressful periods at work, STILL looks like jewelry.  I don't know how it'd hold up to an older child (10+ yo) using it as a soother, because kids are focused on "DESTROY DESTROY DESTROY" when they chew on stuff and adults have that "don't ruin your stuff" moderation, but that probably depends on how devoted your little destroyer is... or yourself, if you're also an adult buying yourself a soother/chewy that does not scream "I AM DESIGNED FOR A CHILD."  I think it's worth a shot.  I can see how someone COULD chew this to bits with some strategy and dedication.  Focus the effort on an edge, and once you get a raggedy part, chew chew chew your way inward until it's in pieces.  That would take a lot of devoted chewing, though.  This is very sturdy silicone.The cord is very strong, and is very firmly knotted.  There is no way this is going to come apart without scissors.  Even some serious, devoted chewing effort is only going to make it look ratty, but won't get it off.  The cord is that cheap fake silk cord, and easily replaced if it gets damaged, and the whole thing is easy to wash.  The break-away clasp is likewise inexpensive plastic and should NOT be chewed on- you could destroy the clasp in a couple of minutes if you chew on that part.The break-away clasp holds VERY strong and requires some effort to open, but if you open and close it a few dozen times it does relax and bit and get easier.  It still requires a really good yank to open, so it's not going to happen by accident.  If a toddler pulls on this jewelry you're going to have your head yanked down.PRO: well made, pretty, looks adult, discreet.  Definitely A+ for it's intended purpose (babies teething), would also work for adults and older children who want or need to chew on stuff.  Would take time and/or a lot of effort to destroy.  Could be used as a key fob for the non-jewelry-wearing crowd who still want something to gnaw on.CON: not so much a con as a limitation: this is not a dog toy, and so it is not DESIGNED to stand up to a large, strong animal like a HUMAN ADULT chewing on it for long, focused periods of time.  If you TRY to destroy this, you're going to be able to.  That's what teeth do.