I found it to be so nice and useful that I purchased it twice. Seven years apart! In my opinion, its only fault in design is it doesn't quite lock into place when the two arches are swung open. It also doesn't quite fold back together as nicely as I think it should. I do imagine that this is probably a safety feature. So I cannot justify marking down the rating for that.You can rearrange the toys included. Setup is very easy. The mat is padded and a silky texture. It has nice small features for small hands to fiddle with. Not a sensory revolution, but my son's have both enjoyed the leaf that crinkles. Either by kicking it for the noise or by lifting it to reveal the hidden smiling character underneath.You'll find that the bottom surface that is the base and floor covering aspect of this play mat is easily removed for cleaning. Here's a tip: Look for the small plastic lips that are made into the bottom of the support poles. You might happen to overlook this small feature while assembling or reassembling. l've found that by keeping these hooked, the mat will stay laid out smoothly and will look nicer if you have all four in place. I think you'll find it a time saver not needing to straighten it out often. Especially, if you opt to leave the pay mat out on the floor between playtimes.I do advise you to consider putting it on a floor that is carpeted or on top of a rug to provide some additional padding. The mat is slightly padded and is a highly durable and quality material. However, little ones doing tummy time may find it to be a little less than a soft landing. At least in the beginning stages of use. Again, I assume this is a safety feature.I currently have mine on top of a plush 5'x7' rug. Previously, I had it on top of a larger area rug that had an additional thick wool rug pad underneath. That latter was probably the better of the two options. This time I chose at first to add another layer of softness under the mat and over the rug I'm using. I used a simple set of slightly padded, cotton pillow shams. (They were handy and I was being creative.) I didn't feel the need for their use after a few sessions.*Just a reminder, you don't want to put your baby on their front for tummy time on a surface that is too soft. They are developing their strength and especially at first a surface that is too soft could pose a suffocation risk. Nonetheless, supervision does wonders for prevention.I'm confident that this mat will be enjoyed by many other parents in the years to come. If you plan on expanding your family in the future, this is one of the items I recommend keeping in storage for future use.