Highly recommended! I bought this item when my daughter started getting sick of lying down on her back. At the time when purchased, I was tied between the Bumbo seat & Bebe Pods. There were plenty of reviews on the Bumbo seat and Bebe Pod, but they weren't very helpful for me because people either Loved their Bumbo or Bebe Pod, or hated it ~ there was no gray area.Then I came across this item, but there weren't any reviews on it! I googled this seat to see what I could come up with and 1 person had reviewed it on another site. They said it replaced their Bumbo & Bebe Pod, plus she loved that it was a 3 stage deal.Well that review sold me on this item. I've had it for about 6 weeks now ~ I started my daughter on it when she was 3 months. I really love it. Here are some excellent feature points:1) The seat is very sturdy and supported ~ you can strap the baby in if you want. But when I have the tray around baby, I usually don't strap her in; I just don't see the point when she's surrounded by the tray and can't go anywhere! Seat also came with straps to use when you're ready for the booster seat function. I haven't used it as a booster seat yet.2) The tray is easy to remove & to put around baby. Most the time I don't even remove the tray, I can just slide baby in and out without much trouble. The tray swivels around the seat. There are places for drink cups. The toys that came with it are great because they are snapped in place ~ I don't have to worry about losing them or baby knocking them lose.3) When the tray is removed, there is no worries about the seat being unsteady. Seat is sturdy on a platform. The only problem I foresee, is when I want to use the seat as a booster, you have to use a screw driver to remove the platform ~ it won't be so easy to interchange from a booster to a play toy.All in all, this is a great item. It was the same price as the Bumbo Seat and Bebe pod. I feel this seat has more to offer than it's competition!UPDATE:My baby is now 18mo and obviously she has outgrown this seat as she can run around on her own. However, I wanted to note that we are still using the seat as her booster seat. It was wonderful to have an extra seat to keep at my Moms house. It has held up great.I'm very happy I went with this baby seat rather than a Bumbo or Bebe Pod as it has lasted nearly 2 years and I'm still using it!