For starters, it's the only stroller my little girl will fall asleep in which in itself is wonderful when we are gone all day.  Other strollers she would stay up all day long and you can imagine what that was like for a little one and for us.  Its padding is obviously comfortable to her.  You can just feel the quality in it.I think the best part is the canopy.  It's basically lights out for her when we are out in public.  With the extra sun shade that folds out, it makes it nice and dark in there.  Love the peek a boo window so I can keep an eye on her sitting or sleeping and you can cover that window back up with the cover if you want it fully dark inside.  So many positions to the canopy also.  And its got UV protection.Also love the full recline but be advised, in full recline position, don't expect to get much from the cargo area underneath.  It does have side zippers underneath where you can pull some stuff out.  It has these awful support bars that go across the cargo area making it half useless.  Definitely needs improvement there.  I do store jackets under the bar deep down into the cargo bag and put my purse on top of the bars but I have a smaller purse.  You will not get a full size diaper bag in there or any diaper bag for that matter so don't expect to use this as a full size stroller.  It's an umbrella stroller.  More for on the go, in and out kind of trips though I do use it at the mall.  I did decide to purchase the OXO Tot Stroller Hook.  It's great for my purse and shopping bags also which I hang my purse on when the baby is going to recline back for nappy.It comes with one cupholder but coming from a stroller that had 2, it was a definite must have.  I was able to secure one by ordering through Kiddy USA and contacted them via their facebook page so now we have 2.  And yes, there is a hook on both sides of the stroller so if you have just one cup holder, you can switch the side you keep it on.  It is also removable by just lifting up.  It connects via a small peg that stick out from the stroller.  Very simple to use.The bumper bar in the front is fully removable and it also bends completely upward if you have a younger baby in the seat and don't want to bother removing it.  I thought we would be removing it, but the baby actually really likes it.  She likes holding on to it, having her toys attached to it via links and we also purchased the Brica Snack Pod which we attach right to the bumper bar.  Gives her a place for a drink and snack also.The height of the handlebars works just fine for me and my husband.  I am 5ft 1" and he is 5ft 7".  They are not adjustable.  I thought it would be a little tall for me but when I compared it to our old Maclaren umbrella strollers, the height was the same.  From the floor to the top of the handle, you are looking at 41".  Your hands will obviously be lower than that.  They are nicely padded for comfortThe seat width is 13".  The backrest where the back meets the seat is 20".  The seat has a foot extension so baby can have their legs directly out.  In that position the seat length is 13" from front to where it meets the backrest at the back.  When the foot extension is in the down position, the seat depth is roughly 10" from the bend of the foot extension to the back of the seat.It does include a 5 point harness and while many of the newer strollers do not have a crotch strap that is long enough, this one seems sufficient as the baby grows.Let's see, what else.  Oh, the back of the backrest does have a pocket which is great for throwing keys or a phone or paci's etc.  I do wish it had a zipper closure so I could put those things in and feel they are a little more secure when my back is turned but it's not a big issue for me.  It just kind of pushes to and is covered a bit with the extra part of the canopy.As for the wheels, they are a nice size at 6" which is what I preferred for an umbrella stroller but don't expect them to go through heavy snow if you live in a harder winter climate like we do in the midwest.  We have actually kept our full size stroller for that purpose and will use this one through the spring, summer and fall.This stroller is very easy to fold.  One pull of a tab at the back and one push on foot pedal at the side and fold and you will hear a click of the side latch locking mechanism, done.  It does weigh more than cheaper umbrella strollers but I account a lot of that to the durability of the frame.  You can just see and feel the difference.  Definitely not plastic like and cheap.  They are solid.One thing I do wish, since this stroller comes from a family owned company in Germany which I love, I do wish the company would expand more into the USA.  While I was able to secure another cupholder, I am not able to secure a footmuff, or the matching diaper bag or a rain cover.  These items are overseas only.  I have only found one company that will ship the footmuff to the United States but it's at a hefty cost obviously so we will probably end up going with a JJ Cole footmuff instead.There is a video of this stroller on youtube that I would highly recommend.  It is not in English, but watching it you will get just about all the information you need.  It was actually what sold me on this stroller.  Go to youtube and put this in the search bar to watch the video.  Ïðîãóëî÷íàÿ êîëÿñêà Kiddy City'n Move.I hope my review has helped you decide if this stroller is right for you.  We purchased this stroller in Walnut because I wanted something neutral for resell purposes later and it's perfect.  I gave this stroller 4 of 5 stars because of the cargo area cross bars that block getting in and out of the storage area easily as well as the unavailability of accessories here in the United States.