Since we left the hospital my son has never been a big pacifier soother. We were having trouble finding anything that calmed him down. He would take his pacifier for a few minutes and then spit it out and cried till we put it back in. It become a constant battle of getting up and down every time he spit it out. I ordered the WabbaNub as a last effort, in hopes it would help him keep the pacifier in his mouth. The first few days he spit the "teddy" (what we call his pacifiers) out just the same as his other pacifiers, however, after continuously putting it in his mouth and showing him how to hold onto the stuffed elephant he began to take it very easily. It is now his favorite thing in the world and the only thing that soothes him. When he starts to cry, I give him his teddy and he holds it while he sucks till he falls asleep. I have since gotten him two other WabbaNubs- the owl and dinosaur. He spit those out the first few days as well, but after he worked the nipple they became just as soothing. He still loves his elephant teddy most but the owl and dinosaur work just as well and are good back ups for when his elephant is being washed or is accidentally left at the grandparents house.I found that when the pacifiers are brand new the nipples are harder and not as easy to suck, however, once the nipple has been worked a little it becomes softer and more to my sons liking. So, if your baby does the same thing when they first get their WabbaNub don't give up too quickly. Let them get used to the nipple and try working it yourself- with your washed hands- to make it softer for baby.I've read in some reviews that parents were concerned with the safety of the pacifier because of the weight but baby is very capable of spitting it out and/or can pull it with their hands. It has never been a concern for me as a chocking hazard and I am very comfortable leaving my son in his crib as he takes a nap which his "teddy" while I am out of the room.I know the WabbaNub is a bit more expensive than a typical pacifier but it works and it's also a sweet stuffed animal for baby to hold. I can't imagine life with a baby without his WabbaNub.