We had used the Elmo potty for quite some time (a couple years), it "worked" fine in that it is easy for our son to sit on, and the splash guard is great (very tall and effective).  However, it also requires that you lift the seat off to access the pot in order to empty it.  This means you're putting the dripping/dirty seat on the floor while you wrap up the process.We lived with this, however, we also have a couple of small dogs -- and one of them will eat ANYTHING.  Yes, he has eaten my son's poop a bunch of times, since he's old enough now to go to the bathroom by himself, but he doesn't empty the pot and doesn't shut the door when he's done.  Very disgusting.  So, we figured we could solve the problem by getting a potty with a lid, and instructing him to make sure he closes it every time.  We also wanted one with a lift-out bucket so we wouldn't have to dismantle it at every use.This seat fits those purposes.  Here are what I see as pros and cons:Pros:1. Lid keeps out dogs and other, smaller kids2. Lift-out pot is GREAT, I would never get another potty that you have to take apart to cleanCons:1. Splash guard is barely adequate, unless the child consciously "aims" downward.  Fortunately my son has been good with doing this, but I imagine many kids might not be.2. Rated at 200 lbs for a stool, but I seriously doubt it would hold more than 150, if anyone intends to use it for that.  Of course, I don't imagine anyone 150+ would be using this as a stool, but I am just pointing out that the weight rating I think is not realistic.3. Seat is very low to the ground, it would be more comfortable if it were taller.4. The opening into the bucket is relatively small, so the child will need to be more carefully positioned on the seat when pooping.Even though I list more Cons than Pros, I am still giving this a good rating since it has solved the problems with our old potty and it is much easier to clean up.  I might even adhere the Elmo splash guard into the bucket on this one with some silicone, to reduce the risk of overshooting.