My 4 week old son has been battling severe acid reflux almost since the day he was born, making it entirely impossible to lay him flat in the co-sleeper bassinet we had bought for him. Desperate to find a way to help him sleep more comfortably, and having seen this product mentioned and recommended on several different reflux solution forums, I hopped on Amazon.com and checked out the reviews. Hundreds of parents were raving about how wonderfully this product had worked for their own reflux babies, and in a moment of desperation and hardly-daring-to-hope, I clicked the "purchase" button and settled in to wait the agonizing two days until the sleeper arrived. The moment it showed up on our doorstep I made my husband help me put it together and then promptly moved our sleeping baby from the swing (the only place he could sleep at the time with as little spitting-up as possible) to the sleeper. We then stepped back, held our breaths, and waited.Our son slept for three hours straight for the first time since we had brought him home, with ZERO refluxing, spitting up, or choking. I nearly cried with relief and joy! (And also may have silently sent up a heartfelt thank-you prayer to the Fisher-Price gods!)He still can't sleep through the night, and nap times are currently a struggle simply because he is the type of baby who hates the entire concept of sleep in general. However, when he DOES sleep, I can feel secure placing him in this sleeper. The incline is just enough that it prevents his acid reflux from disturbing his sleep, but it is not so steep that his head rolls or he begins to slip downwards (which happened when we had attempted to incline the head of his bassinet's mattress). I love how easily it folds up, and the compact and lightweight materials make carrying this up the long flight of stairs to our apartment an absolute breeze. I can set it up in any room I need, and I often move it with me as I go about my business around the home...which means I can always keep my baby nearby and watch over him. Whenever we visit anyone's home, I simply fold up the sleeper, pop it in the back of our vehicle, and our son has somewhere safe and cozy to sleep wherever we are.The vibration setting is soft and soothing, and I am able to gently rock him back to sleep whenever he happens to startle himself awake mid-nap, as young babies often tend to do in the early months. My ONLY issue with this product would be that the little white plastic "feet" on the rocker bars do not allow the sleeper to rock very far forward or back, and if rocked on anything other than carpet they cause quite a bit of noise. I think I'm going to have to remove them, simply because otherwise the rocking motion can be a bit "jerky" or short due to the feet.Overall, this product is easily one of THE BEST investments we have ever made! If you have a baby that refuses to sleep flat on their back, has reflux, or simply struggles to sleep in general....please buy this product! It has been a game-changer for us, and more importantly, for our son.