I did a lot of soul searching and shopping before I settled on this changing table, which I ultimately selected because of its looks, size and potential for long term usefulness.  It's not overly expensive so if it gets beat to heck with our children I'm not going to feel bad.Did it take as long to put together as all of the other reviewers said: yes.Was it difficult to put together: No.Positives: The pamphlet for how to put everything together was GREAT.  It included part numbers, how many parts and explained in both pictures and in simple English for each picture what to do.Unlike past reviewers who complained about the parts not being grouped together in a way that made sense, they have either fixed that or they just didn't do the smart things, which is open up all of the parts bags and sort into part type.  I counted them while I did that and found it really helpful.  The only thing we ended up missing were some finishing nails, which a quick trip to the hardware store fixed.Unlike IKEA furniture (for which I am an assembly pro) they have you assemble this furniture in groups, with the idea that at the end you put all of the pre-constructed parts together.  This makes you feel awesome by the time you hit step 30 or so.All of the wood pieces are clearly labeled with their number either on a sticker or painted on the unfinished part of the wood so you don't have to guess what piece you're working with, unlike IKEA where it's an elaborate guessing game.Now that it's built I am pleased to say that it's rather solid-no one is moving this thing for quite awhile.  The moving shelves are awesome, and while I wish the drawers were deeper, they are going to be more than adequate.Negatives:  There were several points where there weren't any pre-fabricated holes for screws, which meant some of the screws went in crooked and swearing was heard by all.  This made me extra annoyed because I would have paid the extra $15 for all the little holes to be ready to go.Some of the pieces were banged up a little, but none are visible currently.  I attribute that to shipping.Pay close attention to the rough vs. smooth sides while putting things together. A couple times we had to undo work because I looked at the picture direction wrong.A drill bit is helpful-especially if you have a long enough drill bit that doesn't interfere with the tight sides in which you are screwing things on.A few parts were crooked (like the top on ours isn't completely level) and the door hinge do-dad doesn't sit flush in the door (which I don't think will be a giant problem unless junior decides to go for a ride on the door).The time factor: even as seasoned pros in terms of furniture constructors this will take time to put together.  Don't rush it.Final ruling: We got what we paid for, which was an inexpensive piece of furniture that's really sturdy, looks good, and can get beat up.  We've gotten a lot of compliments on this piece already.  It gets 4 out of 5 stars instead of 5 out of 5 for length of building required, a few unlevel/extra annoying/challenging pieces to screw/hammer in.