Not expecting to have another baby after my last, the arrival of my 5 month old has been a pleasure, but it has also left us in a dash to try and purchase things over again that we had gotten rid of after my now 4 year old, grew out of everything. So we purchased a Bumbo in hopes that we would enjoy it.Because I have a boy and I don't find as many cute things as you can with girls, I decided that accessories like this Bumbo seat cover would be to my liking and style, especially since nobody else but us sees it. Truly, unless you are attempting to cover up an existing Bumbo seat because of the gender of your previous child and the gender of the one which you are expecting is different, I don't think that purchasing a seat cover is truly necessary.The material of the Bumbo seat cover is nice, but to me, it feels more slippery. This might be ideal for food spillage, but even then, I feel like wiping it down would be more of a hinderance than a help, especially since the material isn't a very thick material. It is as you would expect for a covering though, so I will not deduct stars for this.My only problem with the seat cover is the fit. I have found that after I placed the cover on my Bumbo seat, there was a lot of slack, a lot more than I would have liked. It is really noticeable around the two arm parts and the middle divider where the legs go. It's more annoying than anything, and I personally have a problem with things looking sloppy. It doesn't deter from the use of the seat, but it isn't very pleasing visually.Putting the cover on didn't require you to have an advanced degree, but with the slippery texture of the seat on top of an already slippery texture of the Bumbo cover, I had it slip off quite a few times when I was trying to put it on, and quite frankly, it became quite aggravating. Nevertheless, it still wasn't the worst (or even close to the worst) baby-related thing I have tried to put together or assemble. Once on, finding the holes to put the straps through wasn't hard either.The cover also works when using the Bumbo Seat Play Tray, although I have found that my little one likes to kick around, so it never stays put anyways.Overall, I think that the Bumbo seat cover is useful and the fact that it can take a plain seat and make it a little fancier (okay, really just more aesthetically pleasing) is a perk for me. But as a mother of three children, it is not a necessity.