We've been using this exclusively as a jogger since we got it about a week ago and I love it.  It's exactly what I was looking for to push my two boys around town.  It's sturdy and rides smoothly.  I was a bit worried that it would be too bulky and cumbersome to use as a jogger...it IS pretty big and bulky but not too cumbersome.  It handles nicely and my boys seem pretty comfortable inside.  Because of it's large size, don't expect to be bringing this thing into your house after each run.  You'll need a shed or a garage.I really like how this has a clear plastic roll-away top cover.  It keeps the boys dry when raining and warm when it's cold.  The sun really warms it up in there when the plastic cover is down.  Otherwise, on nice days, we keep the top open completely and they boys love that.  There's also a decent amount of storage room in the back.I really only have one major complaint...and this is why I didn't give it 5/5.  The hand break is essentially worthless.  I tried adjusting it as much as possible...I even tried shifting the break to a different position on the wheel.  The best I could accomplish was to lightly hug the front tire...it's essentially futile to try to slow down the jogger with 2 boys. Luckily, a breaking system isn't imperative on these things...it's more of a luxury.  A minor issue is that the straps aren't very comfortable for the boys, so I plan on getting some strap pads, which is simple enough.  All things considered, for $140, this is a pretty good buy and I would definitely recommend it to other people to use as a jogger.  Judging by how well it functions as a jogger, I'd assume that it functions just as well, if not better, as a bike trailer.EDIT: 3 months later:  There is a mounted nut where you use a hand screw to attach/tighten/detach the front wheel.  Well, that little nut broke off so I had to rig up a new concoction to get the tire to stay tight and it was sure a pain in the but...but I did fix it...for now.  Without that nut, you can't really use the front wheel.