We use this thing to heat up refridgerated breast milk, usually in the middle of the night.  It works VERY WELL for us.  I overall like it and consider it a good value.But, this puppy is FAR from perfect.  In fact, the written instructions were probably put together by the combination of a magic 8-ball, an engineer, and a middle-schooler.  It has some of the info you need, and not in the right order, and not with easy to understand verbiage.Here's the basics of how it works: It boils a very small amount of water very quickly and then steam-heats the milk.  It usually starts boiling within 25 seconds of turning it on, and for me, it's a 2 minute process from start to finish.  It automatically turns itself off when it runs out of water.The detail:1. Using the included measurement bottle (the clear thing pictured on the side of the warmer in the stock photo), you measure some amount of water and dump the water into the middle of the warmer.2. You put in your milk container.3. You turn it on.4. You wait.5. It will start to boil the water, steam heat the milk container, and when all of the water is boiled off, the unit turns off and you take out your perfectly heated milk.Sounds easy, right?  So why all the confusion?  What is the frustration of these other reviewers you might ask?  The answer, it's all physics.The instructions include a little table (which although I have an engineering degree from a good school, I don't understand how the table works) that is supposed to tell you how much water to use for a given bottle shape and amount of liquid.  As am example, if you have 4 ounces of breast milk, in a permanent plastic container, then you would fill the little clear jar to level 8 which is marked on the side of the jar.  You follow the five steps above, and in theory, at the exact time it boils all the water away and turns itself off, your milk is exactly the right temp.But here's the problem, or problems.1. You may not have the same EXACT amount of milk each time, so the amount of water would vary2. There will be small variations in the temperature of the milk, which impacts the time required to heat, and the amount of water needed3. If you underestimate the amount of water needed, the unit will boil off all of the water, you will have cold milk, and you can't turn it back on for 10 minutes.So why 4 stars for my review? Why do I like it?  Cause I took a different approach.  I did trial runs with refridgerated water (in place of milk), timed it, and periodically stuck my pinkie in the fake milk to see when it hit the right temp.  So when I use the thing, I don't rely on having the right amount of water.  Instead, I fill the water to the max, and then using a timer, take out my milk at a specified time.  The time required will vary for you depending on how warm or cold the tap water is, the temp of your milk, and the amount of milk.  So take my guide below as just an example.For me:2 ounces of milk is around 105 seconds3 ounces of milk is around 125 seconds(so far, these are the only two amounts I have needed or tried)My steps:1. I dump in the max amount of water2. I put in my cold milk3. I simultaneously turn the unit on and start a timer4. At the right time, I pull out the milk (using an oven mitt-- no need to burn the hands with the steaming water)5. I feed.It's quick, easy, and I know what I'm doing for my needs.  That's why I gave this thing 4 stars.  Does the Babypro Bottle Warmer use a stupid method to figure out the right amount of time needed to warm milk?  Probably.  But the thing's cheap and it works.  I give it 2 stars for design and ease (insert Borat "NOT" here) of instructions, and 5 stars for making my mid-mornings feedings easier.Hope this helps.