Super cute and very soft.  100% cotton body and head exterior (the stuffing inside the head is now polyester).  And my 6mo old baby loves it - falls asleep every night with it (gnawing it or rubbing it on his face - pediatrician said it is fine since it is cotton and so thin), and has trouble falling asleep without it.  Can't ask for much more.  So pleased that I found this item to buy instead of the polyester/synthetic lovies!------UPDATE: About 6 weeks and multiple washes later, and it still looks brand new.  Washes very well (I wash on cold with other baby clothes, and then let hang dry .. in a pinch I'll machine dry until damp and then let air dry the remainder of the time).  We got the Miyim frog lovie as well, but baby just doesn't love it as much as the monkey (I guess he was already too attached).  I guess we'd better stock up on some more monkeys and start rotating them in and out in case we ever lose one!!------UPDATE: My son is now 19mo. old and has now slept with this lovey daily every night for over a year.  Actually we have six of them and rotate them in and out.  He LOVES them and is super comforted by them.  We recently transitioned him to daycare, and having these were critical to his transition.  Overall they have washed well and have been easy to care for.  We machine wash on cold & tumble dry on low, and they are still in great shape.  They show some slight fading (colors not as bright as they used to be), but they just look a little more loved.I know some people have expressed disappointment that this company chose to switch the filling from cotton to polyester.  They say they made that decision in order to make them machine washable, and after owning them for a year I think this is a worthwhile trade-off.  We have one of the older cotton ones, and five of the newer polyester-stuffed ones.  The padding in the older cotton one is very stiff & densely packed, and it takes a long time to dry.  The newer ones dry easily in a single dryer load and are much softer/more compressible when baby sleeps on them.  Although I was initially concerned about the shifty to poly, overall I am pleased with the shift as machine washability and softness are critical for an item like this.  If you are dead-set on no synthetic materials (including filling), then this is not the right choice for you, but in my mind it is the best lovey on the market.