I don't often write reviews because I have two young children and no time for much of anything but this was worth it to me.  We have been living in Berlin, Germany for the summer while my husband works here.  We brought a double stroller with us and it was very helpful to have it as we traveled from Los Angeles and got somewhat settled here in Berlin.  Once my husband started at work full time and my 3 year old was in a German kindergarten it was me and my 1 year old trying to figure out how to buy groceries, stay entertained, and explore the area without knowing the language.  I signed up for a mommy and me exercise class because I was getting a bit stir crazy and needed something on my schedule. Our double stroller very quickly proved not up to the task.  I was having culture shock, sleep deprivation, and cabin fever all at once.  I don't recommend it.  We finally started looking for a different stroller and I stumbled upon Mountain Buggy as a brand worth checking out.  I started seeing them everywhere.  Babies and mamas seemed to like them.  We found a kids resale shop and they had a Mountain Buggy Urban Jungle and were willing to buy it back from us for $100 less than we paid at the end of our visit (assuming it was still in great shape).  It changed my whole experience of being in Berlin.  Honestly.I can bump it up and down the long flight of marble stairs ("stairway of death" I've taken to calling it in my head) and it stays balanced.  It glides over small bumps and is incredibly easy to hop up for bigger curbs.  It reclines smoothly and is comfortable for my baby to sleep in as we visit parks and go for walks.  It is narrow enough to move through the small aisles of the nearby grocery store.  I have enough stuff in the storage basket for rain, sandboxes, grass area ball play, potty accidents, and more! I can steer it with one hand.  It is a DREAM.  Even if we had paid for a brand new one it would have been worth it.  As it is, we got a very old model (likely at least ten years old) and it still rides like a dream.  I can run over grass and dirt trails with it.  I can take it on the subway and the bus without much hassle.  It has given me back a sense of freedom that I was sorely missing when we first got here.Whoever designed this stroller must have been a mom because they really did think of everything.  It has small pockets at the top of the sunshade that are perfect for stashing hats or shopping bags.  I do wish it had a bigger sunshade but I just use a thin blanket over the front.This stroller is ideal for urban living.  I'm surprised I don't see more of them back home in Los Angeles.  Maybe the mamas there just don't know what they are missing?We won't be taking our Urban Jungle with us when we go home as we already have three (four? maybe five if you count the emergency umbrella stroller)  of them at home and my husband is very clear that, 'WE DON'T NEED ANOTHER STROLLER!".  I will miss this beautiful vehicle and all it has done for me. I LOVE THIS STROLLER!