I had two of these in the Small (7-14 pound) size, but my son started outgrowing those when he was 12 pounds. Since he was only two months old at that point, he still really needed to be swaddled. We tried other baby swaddlers before we discovered the Large size Swaddleme. The Swaddleme is truly the best of the bunch.Pros:* It's very easy to use. Legs in the pouch; tuck the arms down; pull the right wing over, fasten it to the pouch with the velcro, and tuck it behind the left arm; then pull the left wing over and fasten it with the velcro to the right wing. Snug and secure in less than 10 seconds.* Works for naps on the go, thanks to the opening for 5-point harnesses.* The velcro on the pouch portion keeps the pouch secured to the wings. (Until your baby is tall and outgrowing the swaddler, see below in Cons section.)* It's the only swaddler my little Houdini hasn't managed to escape. He can get a hand out the bottom sometimes, but the hand can't slap him in the face when he startles. :)* Leaves room for baby's legs to move. Some other swaddlers keep the legs locked together, which puts your baby at risk for hip dysplasia.Cons:* Though it works with 5-point harnesses like those in his carseat, it does not work with the 3-point lap belt on his swing. He's a really picky sleeper -- he must be swaddled and swinging to fall asleep -- and using this (or any) swaddler makes it impossible to use the safety belt on the swing. We instead have to rely on the play tray to keep him in.* When baby is tall enough, s/he can kick at the end of the pouch hard enough to unfasten the pouch velcro section. Then it comes loose and baby can work his/her hands out from the bottom... which makes the still-secured wings go over his/her face.* Microfleece swaddler is really too warm for our summer baby, but the cotton ones didn't work well at all.* Needs to come in larger sizes. This one is labeled "15-22 pounds, 4-9 months", but my 15-pound 3.5 month old definitely won't be able to use it until he's 9 months old.