Simply put this gate is fantastic.  We converted a living room into a large playroom for our child.  The challenge was once he became mobile we had to find some way to try and keep him in that room.  The two door openings are a 48 inch double door (two half doors) opening and a 78 inch entry way into the dining room.  I searched high and low trying to find a gate that could fit the 78 inch opening.  I tested out a bunch of the options at the local stores and was extremely disappointed in the quality of many of the major box store brands.  I am a mechanical engineer so perhaps I was expecting a bit much from a baby gate.  When I finished my online research the Kidco Auto Close Configure Gate ended up at the top of the list for meeting all my requirements (metal gate, secure wall fastener, easily removable, one hand operation and price).  I was not disappointed on any front.The gate is easy to install and was up and in use in under 30 minutes.  The gate itself is metal and feels solid once secured to the doorway.  It has four mounts that are screwed into the doorway (or wall) and the entire gate can easily be removed from and remounted in a matter of seconds (great for when you have friends coming over and don't want people having to open and close a gate.  The hinge joints between each of the sections are a great feature.  It really lets you adjust this gate to fit any kind of opening.  The auto close feature with the magnetic catch work great and it truly is one hand operation which is not the case with a lot of other brands I tried.We loved this thing so much we actually bought a second for the 48 inch door.  In that case we purchased two 9 inch extensions and just didn't use the two 24 inch extensions that come with the gate.  We are getting ready to order a third to close off a section of the patio for a summer play room.  After two weeks of using both gates we couldn't be happier.  I'm pretty sure most people looking for a baby gate, especially one for larger openings, won't be disappointed.