We bought this booster seat for our growing young'un to use in friends' and relatives' houses.  We have the Baby's Journey Babysitter High Chair Pad, which is like a fabric pad with a five-point harness which connects to the chair and is fantastic and even more portable (you can just roll it up into a diaper bag), but our young'un is now getting just a little big and strong for that product.Here's what we like about this seat:1) It appears comfortable for our son.  It's contoured and made of very thick foam-like material, and he doesn't try to wriggle out of it, unlike his five-point harness high chair pad or a regular restaurant high chair.  We continue to remain surprised that he stays seated in it, because the harness is just a three-point harness and it's so small and low (and there's no giant bar like a regular highchair).2) It's very lightweight and portable--as portable as a booster seat can be.  We definitely wouldn't buy this if we weren't ever visiting friends' or relatives' houses (because restaurants have high chairs and booster seats), but we're really glad we have it for people's houses in this in-between stage where our young-un can't sit by himself, doesn't want to sit on our laps, and is kind of too big for the high chair pad.3) It's easy to clean because it's contoured.  Because there are no corners, there are no places on the chair itself for food to hide.Here's what we don't love about this seat:1) Although the seat itself is easy to clean, the buckles are huge food traps!  (It's especially likely to happen because the buckles are right in the center, below where the child's mouth is.)  There's no way that we've found to remove the straps to clean it, so we've found that we have to try to clean out the food after each meal--not the easiest thing to find time to do with a small child.2) The straps in the back are quite difficult to adjust--they're fashioned so that the extra slack has nowhere to go except into a double loop that gets created from the extra slack that you take in--this is hard to explain, but in other words, you can't just take in the extra slack on one side of the back buckle and pull it out to tighten it on the other side like most strap systems work.  You have to slowly and carefully (so that the strap doesn't twist and fold on itself) push in a little slack then pull a bit out, little by little.  This means that if you're using the seat on different chairs, it can take a really long time to adjust the straps to the right tightness.  (Example: the last time we used this seat, yesterday at Thanksgiving, it took 15 minutes to get it tight enough.)  An alternative is just to get it "tight enough" and then watch your child carefully anyway to make sure that he or she doesn't tip over in the chair.  I think that the straps will get easier over time, and we'll only be using them in certain households, so it will get easier, but it's frustrating enough to note.Overall, we are very happy with this purchase--it's pretty much exactly what we were looking for.  We're especially glad with how comfortable it appears to be and how easy the seat itself is to clean (due to the contouring and lack of edges), but getting a tight fit on a chair with the straps is a frustration.