I've taken a bit of time to warm up to these activity jumpers so I'm probably a bit more critical of them than others may be when it comes to rating them.  With my oldest child being twelve years old, I'm a little set in my ways and prefer an Evenflo exersaucer over the activity jumpers.  When my youngest daughter was born two years ago the activity jumpers like this one and the ones from Fisher Price were new to me.  We had tried out a Jumperoo from Fisher Price and didn't like the difficulty in assembling the jumper and found the toys to be cheaply made and the seat to be difficult to spin.  I still feel that way about the Fisher Price jumpers after having recently their rainforest one.  When the opportunity to review this Baby Einstein jumper came along I figured we'd give it another try.  We're expecting a new baby and our beloved exersaucer is in need of replacing after entertaining five babies (three of my own and two of a friend).The first thing I did when it came time to compare the Baby Einstein jumper to the Fisher Price Rainforest one was to visit a local store that had the jumpers set up right next to each other on display.  My older children and I compared the toys to see which seemed like more fun.  We examined which toys seemed like they would become annoying if played with over an extended period of time.  We compared bounciness and the ease with which we could turn the seat.  Then we looked at the overall design to see which looked the most appealing.Our findings left the Baby Einstein jumper as the apparent winner in some categories and the Fisher Price jumper as the winner in others.  When comparing the toys we found the Baby Einstein jumper toys to be more fun and to have more potential for adding additional toys.  This jumper has loops where you can attach extra baby toys and rattles.  My eight year old noted that some of our younger daughters old Baby Einstein rattles would be perfect add on items.  I have to agree with her.  Each of the jumpers has a bead barrel.  The Fisher Price one doesn't spin nearly as well as the Baby Einstein one.  It also seems like there is more to grab at on the Baby Einstein jumper.  Both jumpers have a single battery operated toy.  The Fisher Price one is very bright and rather loud and obnoxious.  The Baby Einstein toy has more options [The three modes are: Music (hit a key and a song plays), Speaking (hit a key and hear colors and shapes in three languages), Keyboard (hit the three light up keys and make your own tune)]  I particularly like that the sounds and music on this toy are actually pleasant, particularly the mode that plays classical music.Now when it comes to how bouncy each of the jumpers are we noticed that the Fisher Price jumper wins in that category.  Both have plenty of potential for fun with jumping and bouncing but you will probably see a bit more wild and crazy jumping with the Fisher Price model.  With regards to how well the seats turn the Baby Einstein one turns a lot easier.  The Fisher Price one is just very stiff when trying to spin it.For assembly I had an easier time putting the Baby Einstein Jumper together.  I struggled with assembling the Fisher Price one.  Now I do think the Fisher Price jumper is a bit lighter and can be moved from room to room a bit more easily, but I feel like the Baby Einstein one doesn't take up as much space as the Fisher Price one.Putting them side by side, I think the Baby Einstein one looks nicer.  The Fisher Price Rainforest one will blend in a bit better if you want something that is neutral for your decor, but the red tree frog seat does seem like an eyesore.  So while the Baby Einstein jumper is like a rainbow explosion, I'd rather look at that in my family room than the Fisher Price jumper.One thing that I really LOVE about this jumper is the ease with which you can change the height adjustment.  It's a very simple adjustment that doesn't take much time at all.  I also like that instead of three height adjustment settings like you'll find on the Exersaucer and Fisher Price jumper, you have five settings.  That really allows you to find just the right height for your little one.I know from watching my friends babies in both of these jumpers that they're a lot of fun for little ones.  Some babies really get into the jumping and others are more focused on playing with the toys.  The bottom line is they're great for keeping little ones entertained.Overall, I think the Baby Einstein jumper has won me over to the jumper side.  I've been very adamant about only using stationary entertainers but I'm coming to realize that these jumpers are a lot of fun for little ones.  After testing them out with our friends' children I can't wait to see how our little one on the way will react to this jumper.One more thing I want to address.  Someone else had reviewed this and said this jumper has been recalled.  I checked out the recall and this model of the Baby Einstein jumper is not recalled.  The older version had a sun toy that was the reason for the recall.  They replaced the problematic toy with a newer version that is safer.