For our first little one, we had cling shades that were terribly difficult to keep adhered to the window. Match that with the fact that after taking them down and leaving them in the car for a little bit, they completely lost their "cling" ability and had to be thrown out. They were a total waste of money so I didn't want to use a cling shade this time around.I was looking for a pull down shade and came across these, which seemed to have pretty good reviews so I took a chance. They're perfect! The only reason they don't get 5 stars is because they don't cover the entirety of the back windows of our car. That doesn't bother me too much, however, because most other shades don't either, and these cover enough that I feel comfortable with them.I opted to not use the suction cups for the top part; instead, I used the "hooks" to place over top of the window (if you purchase these you'll see what I mean). Although I'm sure the suction cups would hold just fine (since a suction cup holds the bottom part very securely), I just felt more comfortable knowing there's no way it could come undone with the hooks over the window. After I placed the hooks over the top of the window, my window rolls up just fine. No noise whilst driving, and the window isn't cracked open at all.The shade pulls down very easily, and is secured, as I mentioned, with a suction cup. You also have the option to use a permanent velcro strip if you won't be moving the shade at all. Since it doesn't cover the entire window and I may have to adjust the shade every now and then (I've had it for a week of sunny days and I haven't had to adjust it yet) I decided to stick with the suction cup and I'm confident it will hold. My almost-two-year-old son can actually reach the shade from his front-facing car seat and has pulled at it a few times; each time the suction cup has held the shade in place with no problem. There's a little button at the top you can click to retract it.I opted to have the dark side on the interior, and the white side facing the exterior. The logo on the white side of the shade is not large or obtrusive at all. It takes a little bit of an adjustment to get used to looking through the back seat windows through the shades, but your vision is not at all obstructed by them.Overall, this is a great buy and I'm very glad I went with these shades!