We purchased the Britax Boulevard in September 2007.  My husband and I love the pattern and texture of the cover.  Prior to this car seat, we had the Britax Companion, which we loved for it's safety rating and design, but never liked the feel of the cover or how hot it made our son when he sat in it for a long time.  This seat is wonderful!We tried a couple of other well rated, less expensive car seats before choosing this one, but none of them fit well in either of our vehicles and they were more difficult to use.  The Boulevard is easy to install, even in our '02 Pathfinder which doesn't have LATCH.We really like the top tether which can be attached to the base of the front seat.  The seat was already extremely secure without it, but it gives us peace of mind that the seat won't fold up against the backseat in a crash.  None of the other non-Britax models we tried had this feature.My husband has the Marathon in the center rear position in his truck.  I got them both on sale, so I splurged for the Boulevard.  The Boulevard is in the side rear position in my car, so I felt better about having the side impact wings next to the window.  Maybe that's stupid, but I feel better about it.  The shoulder straps are so easy to adjust by turning the knobs.  It's nice because he doesn't always sit as tall in the seat adn I can make an necessary adjustments on the fly without having to take anything apart.Our 9 month old sits and sleeps peacefully in the seat, doesn't get overheated and has plenty of room.  I've read other articles in which people talk about the crotch strap being too short.  If you're used to the long length of the strap on the Companion, this one is definitely shorter.  Our little boy seems quite comfortable though.  I can see the benefit of the strap being a little longer, but it works.As with the other Britax models, tightening the shoulder straps does take a little getting used to in rear-facing mode, but you do get used to it.  It's well worth it to have the safety, ease of use, and comfort of this seat.  It's easier to pull up on the lever to loosen the straps on the Boulevard than it is on the Marathon, so I like that the tightening strap fits neatly under the little flap, away from curious hands.  Our son plays with the strap when he's in the Marathon, but I don't think he could ever get it loose.  It's pretty darn tight.Anyway, I would highly recommend any of the products in the Britax line.  We've had three of them now and we've been happy with all of them.