If you are considering this vs. a Britax Marathon read on.  We have a Britax Marathon G4 and we feel it is a really good car seat.  However, when we consider safety, price, convenience, this car seat is way better in my opinion.- Hands down the Graco is easier to get the toddler in and out.  Clipping in / out and adjusting are super fast.- The Britax fabric is really soft and thicker than the Graco.  However, it's not machine washable.  At first we didn't care.  Now, after seeing how fast an 18 month old can get a seat dirty, we care.  The Graco cover is machine washable and that's super convenient.  The only down side is that the Graco cover is a bit more difficult to remove - the shoulder straps need to be disconnected from the back first.- The Graco has less padding which the baby doesn't seem to mind.  In the summer, our baby gets hot and sweaty in the Britax car seat.  So much so that we needed to buy a cooling pad for her.  We've never had that issue in the Graco.- The Graco has a built in cup holder.  This is another one of those things that wasn't a concern when our baby was first born.  Now it's really nice to have!  We had to buy one separately for the Britax.- The Graco is lighter.  We won't even consider the Britax for traveling when a flight is involved.- The Graco is quick for car seat removal and installation.  We've done it multiple times in taxis without issue.  I have never tried it with the Britax because it is harder to do and it's difficult to see if the Britax seat is level or not.  The Graco has a little indicator that is very easy to read even at night.- We initially purchased the Britax for safety.  I don't feel there's any difference in safety between these models.  They both offer side head protection.  The Britax manual recommends using a ceiling strap when rear-facing if there is no floor mount location available behind the car seat.  This was really a challenge for putting the baby into the seat.  Having a metal clip on a tether facing the baby ultimately seemed unsafe (think metal projectile) so we took it off.- The Britax was priced much higher than the Graco and we still ended up needing to buy more Britax-related accessories afterwards.