I made a decision to purchase the Contours stroller after reading many reviews. Affordability and the level of comfortability for my child were a top priority. I am very pleased with my purchase and feel that I got just about everything I wanted and needed in a stroller.My son will be 2½ in a few months, is over 3 ½ feet tall, and weighs about 32 lbs. I finally came to the realization that he was going to look like a 4 year old in any stroller that he sat in, so I had to get what worked best.  I was looking for a stroller that was easy to maneuver, had straps that easily adjusted as he grew, and was not too tight in the crotch area for him (as most were).I let him sit in the Chicco Liteway and the Combi Cosmo in the store. These were our concerns:Chicco--good cushioning, high back so he could rest his head comfortably, turned on a dime, feet didn't drag-- and looked great---------------but the shoulder straps and crotch area harness were too tight---no snack tray---storage basket was small and awkward---hubby loved the height, but not at the expense of son's comfortability.Combi--loved the vertical easy fold--came with an over the shoulder strap for carrying---shoulder and crotch area seemed comfortable------it was a little difficult to turn, plus he kept putting his feet on the wheels--the footrest was pretty short---he started to bite the mesh snack tray so I immediately knew what it would like after a month or two of use--hubby felt that it was a little too low to the ground for him.Contours Lite (Tangerine)PROS:Turns on a dime: You can literally turn it with your finger tips. Color is not as bright as some suggested. Decent high end look without the high end price.Straps can be loosened or tightened fairly easily:  The shoulder straps do not dig into my son's shoulders and there is plenty of room for the crotch area. There is still plenty of room to adjust these for him.  The way they are attached in the back, did seem a little weird, but it's just different not unsafe.Child snack tray holds sippy cup and snacks: love that it can hang to the left or right if I need it to for a moment or I can remove it and toss it in the storage basket---Note: Snack Tray does sit high up (no biggie for my child)--If I had a younger toddler, I'd probably remove it and just use the Safefit Snack Pod ($7 or $8 at Babies R Us, Target, or Walmart--it has snack and cup holder and can be attached to the side) ---I own one and have put it on this stroller just to test it out.Easy to clean fabric:  Yes I've had a spill-- Soap and water works fine.Reclines:  Although it does not recline to a flat position, it does reclines back far enough for a long nap. It sits high enough so his feet don't touch the floor or drag.Long footrest: When he's asleep, I do put his feet on the footrest so they don't dangle. Stroller sits up high, so regardless his feet definitlely wouldn't drag.Weight Limit: I believe the weight limit may be 35 lbs. I am taking my chances on this since other reviews have stated that they have put older children in this stroller with no problem (i.e. an average sized six year old). I could be wrong, but I really don't see it being an issue within the next year and half.Large Storage Basket: I can put son's coat, my jacket, and a backpack or large diaper bag in the basket with a little room to spare.Very Lightweight and easy to fold: Only 13 lbs--I was surprisingly shocked by how lightweight it was. It does require two hands to fold, but it is super easy and quick, just takes a second.Easy to assemble: I never ever put anything together--and it only took me about 25 minutes. I hope I never have to replace anything, but if I recall from the manual, the most expensive replacement part is $14.Doesn't take up a lot of space: I have a midsized car. The stroller folds in half and takes up a little less than half of my trunk space, leaving plenty of room for other things. It's a non issue in my husband's full size car. My travel system stroller left no room in my trunk.CONS:Does not sit fully upright:I wish it did sit upright at a 90 degree angle because the seat is pretty deep---Sometimes he likes to relax and lay back, sometimes he likes to pull himself up -but this doesn't seem to be an issue for my child, since he is older.Not sure if I'd recommend this stroller for a small infant: I just like a fully reclining feature for infants. The Chicco Liteway would probably be better for a smaller infant. Just purchase the Safefit Snack Pod for the Chicco ($7 or $8 at Babies R US, Target or Walmart--it has snack and cup holder and can be attached to the side) I think the Contours stroller is recommended for kids 6 months or older. I would venture to say 1 year.Not sure what the seat is made of: One day (not any time soon) I am going to check to see what the seat is made of--- It doesn't have any thick cushioning. He's been in it for two hours straight and it didn't seem to bother him. I am just more curious than anything. Some people believe that it is cardboard. If I get around to checking it out and it looks crazy, I may actually just add some batting to it (yeah right)!Parent cupholder is just okay: I ended up purchasing the Sunshine Kids Stroller accessory buggy buddy for $7 at Babies R US and this was perfect. It has a zippered compartment for my keys and phone, plus I can put extra things in it like a drink for dad and snacks for me!No height adjustable bar: My husband is 6"1' and I am 5"1'. Of course it is not an issue for me.  He said that although he would have liked a height adjustable bar, it was okay because it turns so effortlessly. He has used it on several occasions with no complaints.Canopy is a little flimsy when pulling it back: Just use both hands to pull it back and it will be a non issue (GRAB SIDES,  PULL OUT,  and THEN BACK, because it does have two little pieces on the sides to keep it in place).No lever to recline or reposition the seat: I am used to being able to simply push a lever to recline or put the seat back into an upright position. However this seat has a "buckle" in the back so I have to tighten and untighten the straps manually. What used to take a second now takes about 30 seconds. It's not a deal breaker, it's just somewhat irritating.I know this was a long review, but I wanted to address all the major concerns to help you make the best stroller purchasing decision for your household. It is definitely one to consider. I gave it a four because it lacked a height adjustable bar, I had to purchase the stroller accessory, and because there was no lever to recline or reposition the seat. Hey, you have to pick your battles!!! Again, I am pleased with my purchase.