This stroller is the best product possible.  I have tested other high-end strollers, including the Britax Affinity, Britax B-Agile, Bugaboo Chameleon 3, and UPPAbaby Vista.  I went to a local Buy Buy Baby (Bed Bath & Beyond's "experimental" baby store) and seriously manhandled the floor displays so I could make a more informed, real-world purchase.  I will structure this review by comparing my notes & experiences with each product vs. the Orbit.The Britax Affinity or B-Agile feels like a moderate upgrade from Gracco or Chico, but it doesn't belong in the same arena as the other high-end strollers.  It feels cheaply constructed in comparison to the Orbit, and even the car seat in the Travel System better resembles a run-of-the-mill car seat you can find at Target.  It's less versatile, and doesn't convert in use as well as the other stroller systems.  The car seat nests in the stroller seat, and frankly, I just don't like that design. I feel that this design places unnecessary wear on the stroller seat, which your child won't use until he/she is old or large enough.A lot of people like the Bugaboo Chameleon 3.  So did I, until I manhandled it at Buy Buy Baby.  It looks beautiful.  There are many customizable options (each costing a pretty penny) to suit your needs.  The colors are tasteful and elegant in comparison to cheaper strollers.  But there is one fatal flaw: the design of the part that connect the seat/bassinet/whatever to the stroller frame.  It totally sucks.  Go on the Bugaboo website and take a look at it yourself.  When your child is in the seat/bassinet/whatever, it attaches to the stroller frame via two plastic "nubs" that lock onto 2 posts.  That's it.  If, for any reason, one of the locks fails or you don't attach the seat to the frame well, the seat WILL FALL OFF THE STROLLER FRAME.  It's easy to mis-attach the seat to the frame, especially when your kid is in the seat.  I tested it extensively at Buy Buy Baby.  I even connected it properly, grabbed the seat, lifted the stroller & frame and shook it suddenly.  The seat pops off the frame with ease.  Frankly, it isn't attached well to the frame even when it's properly attached.  Even the bassinet attachment slightly "teeters" when attached.  I'm sure that the incidence of lock failure is very low.  If you want to spend a lot of money on the Bugaboo and put your kid at that (albeit small) risk, that's your choice.And this brings me to the UPPAbaby Vista.  It's highly rated and looks nice.  Like the Bugaboo Chameleon 3, the seat/bassinet/whatever also attaches to the frame via two points of contact that are difficult to align easily, especially with your kid in it.  It also detached easily when shaken  with little force (in a similar fashon as I described above).  Again, for the price, I expect a better design build.And now, the Orbit itself.  It is absolutely solid.  The seat/bassinet attaches directly to the frame in such a way that it "sits" on the frame when it's connected.  Even when I lifted it high enough to embarrass my wife and shook it like a psycho, it wouldn't detach.  When I tested the G2, I had a few "wish list" improvements I wanted in the design, but I was willing to sacrifice them for the strong design build.  Then Orbit released the G3.  To my surprise, it addressed most of my wants!  Softer, "spongy" handles like the UPPAbaby Vista, two cup holders instead of one, easier unlock mechanism so you can open it one-handed, black frame instead of silver gray... yay!  The wheels are "modular" and detach easily in case you need to replace them for whatever reason.  The frame folds nicely and EXTREMELY easily compared to any other option.  The seat/bassinet can rotate so you can position your child to face you at restaurants instead of having to move the whole stroller itself.  The brake system is easy to use and color-coded to make it idiot-proof (green for go, red for stop), unless you're REALLY colorblind.  Then again, one is near the rear left wheel and the other is near the right wheel, so even if you're colorblind you can figure it out.  When I went to a nice restaurant in Las Vegas, I overheard a woman talking to her table about my stroller.  She was shocked when I parked it and easily turned my daughter to face my wife instead of having to reposition the stroller in the already cramped space.  Simply put, the Orbit is in a class of itself.  Oh, and there's another benefit: G2 attachments (seat, bassinet, etc.) can be attached to the upgraded G3 frame!  Yes, you can just buy the G3 frame then search Craigslist, eBay or whatever to find G2 attachments at a better price!  And the G3 attachments have modest "improvements," so the differences are negligible.  My wife and I were able to find new (unused, still wrapped), authentic G2 attachments for $100-$125 per item.  Even the Orbit online store is currently offering G2 products for 33-50% off (while supplies last)!  I have no doubt that I made a fantastic purchase by getting the Orbit over any other option.  Is it cheap?  No.  Do you get what you pay for?  Yes.