I was looking for a good solution for keeping my twins reined in while outside.  They are 15 months old and toddling around everywhere. I ended up getting two of these six-panel sets, and I am very happy that I did.  It was so easy to connect them together- the latches easily connect each set to eachother, so you don't have to do anything permanent like if you just got the 2-panel extension set. And the 12-panel blocks off a large area-  I was surprised at how huge it was!I already own a Northgates play yard which is 8 panels.  That is a great size for inside, but I wanted more room outside. Plus two of those gates snapped because the pieces that hold the gates together get stiff when you are trying to adjust them (Granted, I have had this gate for years).  The Summer gate shouldn't have this problem- see below.  The Northgate is also much more expensive if you want extra room.  I got 12 panels for not much more than the Northgates 8-panel.Material: The gates are both made of similar material, plastic.  They feel basically the same all-around to me.  Thin plastic in the middle, thicker and sturdier on the outside.Size of panels: Both panels are the same width, but the Summer is a good amount higher.  I like the fact that I can step over the Northgates, but for security, higher is better I suppose.  It probably makes them seem flimsier, though, since there is more area in the middle which is made of thinner plastic.Adjusting: Northgates has a piece on each hinge that helps each section "snap" into position.  I have had two of these break, and that whole hinge breaks off so you cannot connect that side any longer.  Summer has a similar construction, but these pieces either screw down or up to adjust them, so there would be no reason for them to break (unless you forget to loosen them).Moving: The weight of both is similar, but the Summer should be easier to move because the panels move more easily due to what I explained above.  I also like the strap.  I bought these for our back yard, but I can see taking at least one other places to keep my twins from running everywhere.All in all, I feel the Summer is a better deal than the Northgates.  I'm sure they both have their flaws, but they are very comparable in quality and function, so for me, it came down to the price difference.However, the price is only better if you are going for the 12-panel size.  Six-panel would be way too small (that's how the Northgate used to be, but now they just sell it with 8), so buying this plus a $36 extra two panels is no bargain- you might as well get both sets, and even if you don't need all the panels, you could use the extra to block off a room, tv, fireplace, etc.  Or buy one set for a crawler, then get another one once they are walking.  Because trust me, they'll want the extra room.