I had just purchased the Recaro ProRIDE seat when I had a chance to get this seat.  The description on Amazon for this seat is vague at best, not really explaining much about the seat in order to see what the differences are between the two.  If you look at the ProRIDE seat reviews, Recaro ProRIDE Convertible Car Seat, Blue Opalyou will see it is a well loved seat with great safety features.  Both seats offer the following:1. Smooth operation on tightening the straps.  My daughter didn't get mad when I tightened the straps on these seats like she does in her infant carrier.2. Plush seating surfaces.  Seriously, *I* wanted to crawl into these seats and go to sleep, my daughter looked so comfy in them.3. Super easy installation.4. GREAT head support.  The wings by the head are large and supportive.5. Tested for side impact protection and have passed European side impact testing.  They haven't passed US side impact testing.  Why?  Would you believe the US doesn't require side impact testing on car seats?  Kind of crazy.6. Both made by a racing company.  Who would know more about auto safety than a company that makes race car seats?7. Rear facing 5 to 35 pounds, and forward facing 20 to 70 pounds.  Your child should stay rear facing until AT LEAST two years old for maximum safety.8. Both will accommodate children to 50 inches tall.9. Both have a push button LATCH system and it makes them super fast to install, assuming your car is equipped with a LATCH.  If not, you can use a regular locking seat belt.10. Both have a top tether.Differences:1. ProRIDE has "fancier" seating surfaces, with cool mesh fabric.  The Euro has a simpler seating surface.2. ProRIDE is assembled in the US, the Euro is not.3. ProRIDE has an easy adjust strap height and head rest height by using a turn knob, the Euro needs to be manually re-threaded.  The headrest is threaded along with the straps on the Euro, though, so the head restraint will be at the correct height when re-threaded.4. The Euro weighs just over 18 pounds, the ProRIDE is just over 20 pounds.  Not a huge difference, but if you are moving it car to car, lighter is likely better.5. The Euro has the lowest harness height of 11.25 inches, highest height of 19.5 inches and a seat width of 15 inches.  The ProRIDE has a low harness height of 11 inches, highest height of 18.5 inches and a seat width of 14 inches.  So, if you have a bigger child, the Euro might be a better choice for you.Cons to both:1. Seat material has to be hand washed.  It is removable, but not machine washable.2. Both are very tall, so they can make rear visibility diminished.  Although in order to be safe to 50 inches, they need to be as tall as they are.3. The button in the front to adjust the straps feels like it should be different.  It works just fine, but it is a metal latch that feels unfinished somehow.  I don't know how to explain it other than it is very utilitarian and made me feel like it was the wrong button to be pushing.4. This is a con for the Euro only, but a lack of colors to choose from is a bummer.  The ProRIDE now has many more color options.5. While the wings make it safe, they also limit space to get your child in and out rear facing.  I have a Mazda minivan and there is not much space to get my daughter in and out while sitting in the seat behind the driver's seat.  Putting her in the seat behind the passenger gives me more room because that seat is more in the middle of the van so I can climb in to get her.  My van is smaller than most minivans, though, so this might not be an issue for you.6. Because of the height, it makes having a back seat mirror to see your child more difficult.  You might have to put the mirror at a diagonal or up higher.My friend put this in her Honda Civic, rear facing, in the middle, and it fit fine and didn't cut down on her visibility as long as the seat was in the middle, not behind the driver seat.I contacted Recaro directly to ask about the differences because on their site they don't even have the Euro listed.  The main differences they mentioned were trim level, where they were assembled, and the manual vs. knob adjustment.  Please see my images for the product sheets for each seat.  I really don't think you can go wrong with either seat, they both look great and have fantastic safety ratings.  They also cost less than many other seats on the market.  I decided to go with the ProRIDE seat as my main seat because I prefer the color options, but could have gone with either seat as our main seat if this was offered in the same color combos.***UPDATE***  I have since purchased a Honda Odyssey minivan, and this seat (well, the ProRIDE, which is essentially the same size) fits GREAT behind the driver's seat, much more easily than my old Mazda MPV van.  It is tall, but it doesn't hamper my visibility.  After using it longer, I am concerned with being able to keep my daughter rear facing even until being two years old.  At 17 months, she is getting cramped, although not so much that she complains about it after the initial buckling in.