The appeal to me of this learning center was that it has three stages of use so that you can get a lot of life out of it.  That is certainly true, but I found that there are definite gaps between the stages.  Below I have reviewed each stage as we have used it so far.Floor Mat  (2 stars) - I did not start using this right away with my daughter because I honestly didn't even think about opening the box at first.  I had another activity mat that I had been using with her, and that one had lights, music, various textures, etc to keep her occupied.  This mat is essentially a glorified changing pad that has a toy bar to sit over it.  By the time I thought to use it with my daughter, probably around 2 months, she would grab the bar and pull the whole thing towards herself.  It is very lightweight and nothing anchors it to the ground aside from equally lightweight plastic feet.  Once she pulled on it, it really wasn't in the right position for her to actually play with the toys, so what was the point?  It is also not good for encouraging "tummy time" since there are no toys or textures on the mat itself.  I could see this being good for very young babies who essentially enjoy looking at it from their back, maybe occasionally swinging hands at it.Exersaucer (5 stars) - as an exersaucer, I liked this unit a lot.  My daughter didn't always like being put in it (didn't want to be put down), but we could usually interest her in the toys and she would stay fairly content for 20-30 minutes, which for my daughter was saying a lot!  She started in it at 4 months with the go-ahead from her pediatrician and we just dismantled it as she is now in the furniture cruising stage.  Basically we found that as she became more mobile, it was harder to put her in something so containing and have her still enjoy it.  I think at around 26" tall, we had it on the top setting and probably would have gotten more time out of it if she had allowed.  Once she started crawling and pulling up to stand, she actually got a lot more use out of it because she would crawl over to it, reach up to grab the ledge, and then UP!  While hanging onto it she loved to play with the alligator pieces and firefly (so much easier to put them in her mouth from standing outside).  Because the exersaucer has a wide, round base with anchoring feet, it was perfectly stable for her.  There is some spring to it, but that didn't seem to affect her balance.  Is this any better or worse than other exersaucers?  I haven't tried others, so I'm not sure, but I would guess they're all mostly the same.  I will describe the toys in more detail below.  The seat is made of thin material, but I appreciated that because it felt sturdy enough without adding extra bulk to an already diaper-padded area.  It also seemed to move fairly smoothly as my daughter twisted around to different stations, without being so loose that it would move when she didn't want it to.Activity table (3 stars) - I thought that with the "S" configuration, this table would be sturdy, but it's really not at all.  The directions say it is not supposed to be used in this manner until the child can stand on their own, and my daughter is admittedly not there yet.  She can stand unassisted for 1-2 seconds max, so does really hang on for support.  She can pull herself up on it, though it half fell on top of her one of those times.  The thing is, she is only 8 months old and the table is a comfortable height for her to reach the toys at its highest setting.  It's hard for me to imagine her as a two year old (upper age limit according to the manufacturer) still comfortably playing with this thing.  She tries to bend forward to play with the alligator, but smacks her forehead on the monkey arch, so I ended up just removing it.  One set of toys gets played with more than the others since it is really a long hike to get from one end of the "S" to the other.  I honestly much prefer her dedicated activity table at this point.  It has a square base which keeps it steady, and is easier to walk around to get to all of the toys.  Plus it doesn't take up so much space!  (If you think this is bulky as an exersaucer, just wait till you open it up!).  If I find that the table formation works better when my daughter stands a bit better, I'll update my review, but I just wanted to highlight that there might be a period of time between actually getting use out of these different states.  (UPDATE: I put it back into the circular formation, but without the tray underneath, and it is much sturdier.  The birds and alligator face away from her since she uses it standing from the outside, but she never played with the birds anyway and seems to find it easier playing with the alligator from the back.). (UPDATE 2:  I did eventually open this back up to the "S" configuration after she had started walking, and the lack of stability isn't as big of an issue any longer.  She doesn't play with it all that much, but it has come in handy to make her humidifier a bit less accessible.  The table is "flat" against the wall so one of the curves holds the humidifier against the wall, and the open curve is used as a stable of sorts for a rocking horse.  I don't think this really makes up for the flaws I mentioned earlier, and again just highlights the gaps between stages, but I can't say it's completely useless).The toys (3.5 stars) - I just saw in a recent review that the toys only play music now as opposed to having the learning features as well.  I have the older toys, but at my daughter's age she isn't getting a whole lot from the learning components.  Since I'm not sure that this table configuration will get much use, I don't know that I would miss the learning parts.  In fact, my alligator only talks (colors, letters, shapes) and that has always bugged me since it is configured somewhat like a piano.  Hopefully the toys are still similar enough that this part of my review will be helpful..My alligator says the colors, numbers, and shapes as I mentioned, but I don't think I ever saw my daughter press the inside buttons.  Instead, she would press the body segments down to make a noise, but since they block the view of the button itself, there is nothing visually to match up with the spoken word.  I guess the words will become familiar to her, but without any connection to what they actually refer to.  Still, this has been her favorite toy as she loves tossing the segments over the side and then trying to get them back again.  She also likes chewing on them while standing from the outside.  The iguana says the names of colors in a sort of strange accent, lights up in that color and then plays a short tune.  There is a longer song that uses all of the colors and my daughter has started bobbing up and down to that one.  This toy is operated by touch presumably, but is so sensitive that it will go off while she is playing with a toy on the other side.  Today, dropping a separate toy on the floor 5 feet away was enough to set it off.  Needless to say, that one remains in the "off" position most of the time!  The globe says "A - ape" "B-bird" "C-cat" followed by short tunes.  The globe portion can be rotated which is great because we found that she tended to touch the same button repeatedly, and it was nice to get a little variety every now and then.  The bird on a tree branch spins around, and has some rattle type pieces inside, but was generally *just* too far away for my daughter to mouth, and that frustrated her.  It also rotated around a couple of times while she had her face near the beak, only to smack her in the face with he tail.  It is not soft... The dragonfly doesn't do anything per se, but my daughter got the somewhat flexible wings in her mouth, so she of course loves it.  The monkey arch is cute, but so far my daughter hasn't figured out how to slide the monkeys over the arch, and as I mentioned above, I had to take it off when converting to the table because it was getting  in the way.  The ribbon on our butterflies is a bit too long, so they actually swing into the back of the musical bids' heads.  Speaking of which, the birds were my biggest disappointment.  Instead of pressing a button for a recorded snippet, my daughter can improvise and explore musically!  Well.. The red bird with the drum doesn't make that great of a sound so is rather unappealing to play with, and I don't think it has occurred to my daughter at all that it is an instrument, even with me modeling it for her (compared to actual drums which she enjoys playing). The white bird with the rattling roller is alright, it just doesn't really keep her interest for long since she can't see the beads inside, and the blue bird makes a squeaking sound when you push its head straight down harder than my daughter could possibly manage.  Apparently their heads are nice to suck on, though.  On a positive note, the materials tags attached to the butterfly arch provided countless (cumulative) hours of fun and attention.  So there's that..Overall, I gave it 4 stars because I liked it as an exersaucer.  If there are others that aren't supposedly "3 in 1" like this, but are cheaper and have just as good toys, I'm thinking that might be the better option.