When I first bought my City Mini I was very confused about this stroller tray.  I knew I could not live without a tray, but didn't understand how it worked because the reviews I was reading all said different things.  Some of the reviews said you can only attach it to a belly bar, which I didn't have or want to buy.  I also wanted to see a photo of how high the tray actually was because there were complaints that it sat too high.  The other thing I wanted to know was how much bigger the stroller would be folded up if the tray was on it.  I must have spent 3 hours trying to solve all these mysteries by reading reviews, watching YouTube videos, etc.  I still wasn't sure what the final verdict was until the tray arrived.Let me save the follow City Mini owners some work and clear everything up in one post.1. You do NOT need a belly bar if you have a single stroller.  There are 2 little black plugs on the stroller right under where you attach the sunshade.  Hit the little buttons on the side to remove the plugs and then the tray snaps right into those spots.2. The tray DOES sit high, but does not obstruct the view of a tall toddler.  My 2 year old is 37 inches tall.  The tray sits at her chest level.  It's higher than the trays on other strollers sit, but it hasn't been a problem at all for her.  For a shorter, younger infant, the tray probably will obstruct their vision.  Here's how you can tell where the tray will sit before you purchase it.  Simply pull the sunshade all the way down.  Where the sunshade lands is about 1 inch higher than where the top of the tray will be (see my photo).3. The tray WILL protrude when the stroller is folded so you will no longer get that nice flat fold (see my photo).  What we have been doing, personally, is removing the tray when it's not in use.  Easy as that.  Even when we are out and about we keep the tray in the basket under the stroller 90% of the time and only get it out when my daughter wants a snack or drink.  When we have the stroller in the back of the car, we set the tray on top of it.Some more info:-The tray can be opened from either side or fully removed to let the kid in and out-When you attach the tray to the stroller, you have to give it kind of a hard push to get it locked in, then you push the button to disengage it.  This, however, is a much easier process than the way most other stroller snack trays open and shut.-The tray itself is very sturdy and well made..much sturdier than any other stroller tray I've used in the past-The cupholder is nice and deep, but my daughter's really fat sippy cups don't fit well in it (90% of her cups fit fine)-The indentation on the snack part is a wonderful feature.  Her little goldfish crackers and such don't go flying off the tray.  It's like a makeshift bowl.-Very easy to clean.  Just snap it off and rinse it out.Any questions let me know.  It's not a perfect product, but for us it's a must-have.(When I posted this review, I attached several photos to it and for some reason they disappeared.  I'm going to attempt to get them on here again.)