I purchased this “Dream Baby Sliding Doors & Window Lock” to keep a 2-year old toddler from opening the sliding closet doors to the walk-in closet in her bedroom. She tends to get into that closet and make a mess when she’s supposed to be taking a nap or going to sleep in the evening.I previously tried using a different brand of latch that is white plastic with butterfly wings that can be pushed down to open the closet door. I thought I liked it, at first, but I finally gave up on that brand for two reasons:  It could not be temporarily disabled and the adhesive was not strong enough. I could probably have found better adhesive, but the first problem made me look for a different solution. The reason: Since it’s a walk-in closet, I sometimes go inside and shut the sliding door behind me. With the butterfly type of door stop, I can’t close the door all the way or I’ll be locked in. Maybe it’s lucky that the adhesive isn’t that good, because I did that one time. “Forcing” the door back open turned out to be a non-issue. I could have done it with one finger. The “butterfly” popped right off and fell to the floor. In case you wonder, I did prep the surfaces very well by cleaning with isopropyl alcohol and drying with a lint-free cloth before bonding the adhesive. I also allowed it to “cure” for 24-hours before using it, as stated in the installation instructions.Thankfully, this “Dream Baby Sliding Doors & Window Lock” resolves BOTH of the issues I had with the previous lock. It sticks extremely well and it has a feature allowing it to easily be temporarily disabled in order to use the door without a stop when necessary.HINT: I have found that it’s best to mount the stop in such a way that there is no slop or “free-play” between the stop and the end of the door. If there is any free-play, it allows a child to open the slider enough to get fingers in there, then be able to pull much harder against the stop. It also allows them to give the door a quick yank before it hits the stop, thus allowing the door to have a small running start before engaging the stop. That gives much higher probability that the lock will fail.Some reviewers have stated that the pin used for disengaging the lock pulls right out. I don’t know if they got lemons, or if they just have gorilla-grip fingers, but I have not experienced any problem with the pin. I would not call the pin robust, but it works exactly as it should when treated with a bit of respect and dignity. It operated very easily, so there is no need to yank on it.Based on my personal experience with this slider lock, I can recommend it without hesitation. 5-stars.