I did not purchase these to use for baby formula, but rather to transport a powdered protein based meal for myself.  I really couldn't tell how much volume each dispenser actually would hold by the description given by the manufacturer, or even by the (helpful) reviews here on Amazon.So, the answer is, the amount each dispenser will hold with the funnel/spout/cap inverted is 4 tablespoons/2 ounces.  With the funnel/spout/cap  in the outward position, it holds slightly more.This said, if one is planning to use this when out and about, its better to just have it aiming out. I think it has the potential to be pretty messy when filled with a powder, if one has to undo the top and reverse the funnel into a pouring spout. There really isn't anything to grasp to onto to pull the lid off in order to switch the position.  The lid is in two pieces, the funnel/spout part  snaps securely into the top of the cup in either position, projecting in or out, and the cap fits onto the the spout part separately.  The cap part is a snug fit, but it does not snap into place or screw on, so theoretically it could be dislodged a bit if tumbling around in a suitcase or something.I like them okay, they  work for my purposes.UPDATE:Although I still like these, and think if you are purchasing for the purpose that they are designed for they'd be truly great--hence the five star rating--however, I found another formula dispenser that I like a whole lot better for my needs.  The Munchkin Powdered Formula Dispenser Combo Pack turns out to be just perfect for me.  The main dispenser is divided to hold and dispense three servings, and also included is a bonus single serving dispenser. The Munchkins dispensers hold about a quarter more volume too.  I was actually just after the individual dispensers, but have made use of the larger three portion ones too.  The combo pac is offered by Amazon as an "add on" item at a very good price. I paid $2.98 for the combo.  Aesthetically they are more pleasing, but, beyond that, and more importantly, they're much more secure as far as spillage worries.  These Tommee Tippee dispensers are ingenious in that they fit into the Tommee Tippee bottles, but, on their own, the cap that fits onto the funnel/spout part are at risk of coming off.  Maybe they never would, but, I still am happier with the Munchkins dispenser.FYI I have a feeding tube due due to inability to swallow safely.  I make my own food rather than using "medical" formula. (hooray for  BlendTec :) blenders!  ) However, being prepared to have a meal when away from home, but yet not wanting to lug too much extra around has been a challenge.  After a lot of trial and error I've come up with a protein powder mix that works for me when I'm not home, and don't have access to refrigeration. I add a few more powdered ingredients (juices)  to the protein powder, and keep some pre-measured to take along when running errands or out with friends. I have standard neck baby 8 oz baby bottles, and use Dr Brown's travel lids (I donate all the nipple/ring assembly to charity).  For those of you looking for a completely leak-proof cap for baby bottles, you absolutely can't beat the Dr Brown's travel caps.  They fit Medela, Nuby, Evenflo standard neck bottles.  Probably all standard neck, these are just the brands I have.