Firstly, I would like to give Amazon and the seller an A++ for fast shipping. I was expecting to have to wait at least a week for this seat. I placed my order on January 5th. My estimated delivery was January 11th-14th. The car seat arrived on January 7th! I was amazed. And quite happy because I was anxious to get it. This review will be more of just an overview because my daughter has only ridden in it one day, but so far it is an awesome seat.After doing tons of research for a convertible car seat for my fast growing 6 month old daughter, I thought I had run out of choices. I had previously owned a Safety 1st Alpha Omega Elite, and not only was that car seat a monster in size, it was also a pain to install, and it didn't even fit in the backseat of our 2007 Chevy Impala. I ran across this True Fit Premier, and it looked to be just about the same size as the Alpha Omega Elite,so I was weary of buying it. I had also looked at more expensive choices like Britax, but none of them have the Anti Rebound Bar like the True Fit has. I am very happy with my choice. The True Fit Premier was a BREEZE to install. I believe I got it installed 6 minutes, 7 tops. It was so easy I had to re install it again to make sure that I had done it right. The instructions are clear, with lots of pictures, and tips(are very helpful for people with little knowledge about car seats).The first thing I noticed when the package arrived at my door was how small it was! I was expecting a huge box, but the True Fit Premier(TFP, from now on in my review) was in a mere square shaped box. I opened it and took everything out and was extremely surprised that the seat was very compact. I think someone who reviewed it earlier commented on how big it was...Maybe they have a really small car? This seat is very compact for it's design, even with the head rest on. I love how it came with the LATCH already threaded for Rear facing, that made it that much easier to install.Another thing I noticed right away was how soft the cover was. It's extremely plush and cushioned. I put my daughter in it to adjust the straps, and she just smiled and sat there. She squirms and wiggles to get out of her infant carrier. I was pleasantly surprised.Overall, this car seat is awesome. It's extremely easy to use, and install. Everything is color coded. The instructions are printed right on the car seat itself, so if you misplace your manual, you've got a reference. I love the high harness weight to 65 lbs forward facing, though I won't be using that for a while since my daughter is only 6 months old. I love this seat, and I have no idea why anyone would give it a low rating. It is simply great.I've compiled a list of the Pros and Cons I've come across for this seat. I hope they help in your decision.PROs:PRICE- Currently this seat is $90 off. That is a great deal!FAST SHIPPING- I ordered the seat on January 5th, the seat arrived on January 7th.DAYS before the estimated delivery date.MANUFACTURE DATE- I've never ordered anything like a car seat online, so I was a little worried about the Manufacture date being recent. Pleasantly surprised, the date of manufacture on my car seat was 7/06/2010.SIZE- The seat may look big in images, but it is surprisingly compact. It installed in the center of our 2007 Chevy Impala, with room in the front to spare. My fiance is very tall, 6'3", so space was a big concern I had. He can recline his seat the way he likes and comes no where in contact with the TFP. **A note. Only newborns and young babies that don't quite have head control need the seat to be installed at a 45 degree angle. Once your baby is older, like my daughter who is 6 months old and can hold her head up, and sit up by herself, can have the seat installed at a more upright incline. I used a level and she is at a 37.8, which is perfect because she hates laying down in seats, and it also allowed more space for people riding in the front of the car**SOFT COVER!- I hated the cover on our infant seat. It was scratchy. The cover on the TFP is extremely soft and plush, the seat is nicely cushioned, and it seems like it'll be very easy to clean.SNAPS!- This is one of my favorite things about the seat. The cover comes off with snaps! It's so easy to remove it's silly. You undo a bunch of snaps, then you have like 4 elastic straps to undo and you just slide the cover right off. Easy peasy!EASE OF USE- Everything was extremely self explanatory and with a quick read of the manual I had the seat installed and ready to go in less than 10 minutes.LATCH HOLDERS- I use LATCH, but if for some reason I can't one day, the holders will come in handy.ADJUSTMENTS- Everything was easy to adjust on this seat. Pull two knobs to adjust the harness height. Pull a strap to tighten the harness. Pull a level to take the head rest off. Everything is so easy.CONS:I've only found one con so far but if I find more I'll have to come update you. The one con that is pretty minuscule is that the plastic chest clip felt a little flimsy to me. I think it's flexible to be able to fit the baby/child better, but I was expecting it to be so flexible. But that's the way it's made so it has to be safe.----------------I know this review was long, but user reviews are what helped me decide to buy this seat, so I hope that mine helps someone out there!