I recently bought this to replace a Chicco Cortina which I'd never really liked but was decent and capable so I felt stuck with it.  But I'd grown increasingly hung up lately on the notion of a rear-facing stroller.  Most people seem to think of it as a feature for smaller babies, but I really wanted it for my 2.25 year old who is talking a ton these days.  When we go out with the stroller she is chattering and singing and asking me questions nonstop in her sweet little voice and I couldn't hear a word she said when she was facing away from me.  I'd seen rear facing strollers around town and assumed they were all crazy expensive but was pleased to find that there were a few mid-priced options available, and finally settled on the Atmosferra.So far, I am very pleased.  The steering is much smoother and easier than with the Cortina.  One-handed steering is really important to me, as I sometimes have to take the dog and stroller out at the same time.  I've never pushed a $1,000+ stroller and probably never will, so I although I wonder if those strollers feel $800+ better to push than this one, I'm satisfied.Love the easily adjustible handle.  Unfortunately, it does rattle a bit as one walks.  Don't like that, as it gives what seems an otherwise sturdy stroller a rickety feel, but perhaps that is common to all telescoping-type handles?  This is the only one I've ever tried.My daughter seems to like the seat and the deep canopy (hates sun in her eyes and this one really blocks sun well).  She also LOVES her snack tray and the cupholder, which keeps her sippy cup firmly in place.  At about 36" her head is at the top of the seat frame but that doesn't seem to bother her at all because she's always leaning a bit forward to look around, rather than resting her head on it.  I'm sure I could rig up some extra padding if it becomes a problem. Not a deal breaker for me.  The canopy arches higher than the top of the seat frame, so it clears her head with room to spare.When folded, the stroller is VERY bulky and the huge rear wheels jut out, but from our research we knew to expect that.  We plan to use this one only for walks around our city neighborhood, and keep an umbrella-type stroller for the rare occasions we want to take a stroller in the car.  The reason for 4 stars rather than 5 is the trickiness of the fold.  I had to watch the babygizmo video review several times to figure it out and even though I now understand how to do it, it is pretty finicky and definitely is a two-handed fold.  My husband is afraid to even try because he's watched me struggling with it. The seat also must be facing forward to fold the stroller.  Turning it around before folding is a mildly irritating extra step, but I think that may be a common issue with rear-facing strollers.We are hoping to have a baby #2 at some point and I am really excited to try out the basinette feature.  I spent a while going back and forth between this and the Contours Options 3-Wheeler because the Countours is compatible with our Chicco infant carseat but the Atmosferra only accepts Mia Moda's carseat.  The Mia Moda won out in the end because I like that you can make a snug flat basinette out of it, whereas the Countours seat does not go flat.  I think between the basinette and our trusty Ergo carrier and Sleepy Wrap, our hoped-for second baby will make out just fine.  ONE NOTE ABOUT THE BASINETTE:  we got Nero which must be an older color becuase it is cheaper.  The babygizmo video shows a ventilation panel when the seat is fully reclined but our stroller DOES NOT have the ventilation panel.  Not sure whether that feature was just on certain model years.  Wanted to point that out for anyone for whom it might be important.Overall, this is a stylish-looking, versatile stroller and I think it's a pretty good bargain for the price.  If your lifestyle is such that you are constantly in and out of a car, this may not be the best choice, because it's heavy and bulky and has limited travel system compatibility.  I'd recommend it for city dwellers who tend to get around a lot on foot.***Update June 2012****So, we've had this stroller for a year, had our second child, and have put the stroller through its paces.  It has held up well.  It steers really easily, even if heavily loaded with a 3 year old and a basket full of groceries--I can push the baby in it one-handed while holding my older daughter's hand with the other. Daughter is still comfortable in the seat, at age 3 1/2 is pretty much maxing it out height-wise, but doesn't complain.Regarding the bassinette feature--I really like it better than the Chicco travel system which I used when my daughter was a baby.  It seems much cooler for baby during these hot summer months than being strapped into a carseat, and he can nap flat on his back or sit semi-reclined and watch the world go or look at me as we stroll.  The sunshade is awesome.  Switching the seat from bassinet to regular configuration is a bit of a pain, though.  The snaps involved are very stiff and hard to reach, and I do struggle with them, which can be frustrating when I'm in a hurry to get somewhere.  So keep that in mind if you anticipate having to switch it back and forth frequently.Overall, still satisfied with the purchase!