I am not a runner, but I got this stroller to take my baby for powerwalks in a rural subdivision (no sidewalks).  It works much better than the traditional stroller did.The stroller's instructions say not to run with your baby in the stroller until s/he is at least 6 months old.  I started using this stroller when my baby was about 6 weeks old, but as I said earlier, I am not running while using it.  It has a five point harness system to hold the baby firmly but comfortably in place.  There is no tray for the baby, which could be inconvenient when the baby gets older.The canopy is a really nice feature, as you can adjust it to many positions in order to block sun or wind from your baby's face.  It is not see-through though, so if the wind or sun is straight in your baby's face, adjusting the canopy will block the view for baby.  There is a flap on top for the parent to view the baby when the canopy is up, but since it is clear vinyl, I find it hard to see through and I never use it.The parent tray could use a little work.  It has space for two drinks/bottles/cups (one on each side), but it doesn't have a lot of depth so I'm not sure it would hold well if someone were running while using this stroller.  It also has a very shallow compartment in the middle, which I use to lay my cell phone in.  There are pockets on the sides of the canopy, but when you adjust the canopy things fall out (ie, my cellphone--it hit the ground hard after I adjusted the canopy, and all I was doing was walking).There is a basket under the stroller, but it is very hard to reach.  I usually put my keys, MP3 player and some portable speakers under there so we can enjoy music while we walk.There is a handbrake on the handle, although I've never used it.  There is also a strap that you can put around your wrist in order to keep the stroller from getting away from you if you fall.  It's not very long though, so occasionally you jerk your arm when you try to slightly move off center of the stroller handles.  The handles are made of plastic, so if/when your hands get moist, it begins to get more difficult to hold the grips.  Terry cloth bands would come in handy to eliminate this problem.This stroller also pulls to the left, so much so that I am constantly turning the stroller to the right to keep it moving straightforward.  Although it really bugged me at first, I am used to it now.  The instructions say the stroller will pull to one side if the tire pressure is off, but I've checked and that is fine.  Speaking of tires, the stroller has bike tires, so it can absorb some shock from rough terrain without jarring your baby.All in all (once I got used to the little initial irritations), I am pleased with this stroller and would probably buy it again.