I ordered this seat as a replacement for my Evenflo DLX Platinum convertible seat I have been using since my 13 month old was 2 months old.  I liked the Evenflo but the sides were so high that I had a hard time lifting my son in and out of our 2013 Nissan Pathfinder.  What drew me to this seat was the low profile sides and head wings. Although the safety ratings for this seat in booster mode are not high, I decided to get it anyways because it accomplishes my main goal of Extended rear facing (50 lbs!) and ease of loading and unloading. And it has a great safety rating in rear facing mode.First Impression:  My first impression was good.  I ordered the orange and it was the exact color I expected.  The material is extremely soft and silky feeling which I liked a lot.  The chest clip is nice and big and easy to open and close for the parents.  It has lots of padding which is nice for my son.  It is a very tall seat (taller than I expected) but it does leave lots of room for my son to grow in to it.Out of the box:  It came out of the box in a folded position.  It was easy to unfold and pop in to place.Installation:  It took a few minutes to figure out how the latch came off.  It arrives with the latch strap in a stored position on the right side of the seat and it was not real clear which side it should be slid through for installation.  The only way I was able to figure it out for sure was by watching a Youtube video from the Carseatlady on rearfacing installation.  Once I figured it out and installed using the latch system, I was a little unhappy with a strap that is attached to the latch straps that just kind of hangs there(small appearance detail).  I also ordered the angle adjuster since my son is able to sit more upright.  It was easy to slide underneath with me lifting the car seat and my husband sliding it in.  With out the angle adjuster, the seat leans back pretty far.  It hit the back of the headrest and my car is pretty big, so I can't imagine this seat working in any smaller of a car completely reclined.  I was a little worried that I would wish I ordered the Diono Rainier because of the added cushion on the head rest but my son seams perfectly comfortable leaning his head on the side wall of this seat.  The sides are deep enough that he can lean his head on them still.  Plus, in the extreme heat of southern California, I think he will be cooler with out the extra padding.Overall opinion:  This seat feels nice, has tons of memory foam cushion,my son fits well in it, it is easy to get him in and out, and he actually seems much happier in the seat than his previous one. He can see out of the window now.  The only reason I didn't give this seat 5 stars is because it lacks some extra bells and whistles that other seats have such as multi position adjustment which may or may not be important to most.  I would definitely buy this seat again and I would buy one for our second car (a Nissan Juke) if it would fit rear facing but it would never fit rear facing in a small car without the seat in front being pretty much unusable.And it is pretty pricey compared to many other convertible seats.  Overall, I absolutely recommend this seat for parents planning on extended rear facing that are looking for a seat that will last pretty much until your child is out of a booster.