This has ultimately been a good buy for us, although I feel annoyed every time I think about how much it cost.  We started using this when our baby was 10 weeks old and we moved overseas.  We wanted something lightweight, portable, and easy to stow.  This meets all those requirements.  I love that I can pick it up and put it in the kitchen or the bedroom or wherever I am.  Our baby never really enjoyed the lower seat settings, so we only use it in the fully-upright position.  She tolerates it for up to 20 minutes or so, max, but that's long enough to fold some laundry or empty the dishwasher.I also love the design and colors; I don't mind it sitting out in our living room.  In the beginning, that was important when I still cared about whether my house looked like a daycare, but now that my baby is nearly six months and crawling everywhere, the whole living room is plastered in play mats and toys.  Also, the toy rack is nice (although another annoying added expense).  It was the first item my baby reached for, and I believe it was what taught her to use her hands.  She was batting at the toy rack a full month before she started reaching for toys on the floor.  Finally, I love that this thing is easy to clean.  We've had a couple of blowout diapers while she was sitting in this, and it was so easy to just snap off the cover and throw it in the wash.  WAY easier than a baby swing, with all the connectors and parts to disassemble.Speaking of swings, we got this in place of a swing, but I sort of regret that.  Her nana bought a swing to have at her house, and the baby LOVES that thing, while she only tolerates the chair.  This was a useful buy, but the cost still frustrates me (which is why I only give it 4 stars).If I turn on the fireplace and put baby in her chair in front of the fire, she will watch that thing for ages while sitting in the chair.  Also *cough cough* baby einstein works well on those days when you're really desperate for 15 minutes.  In other words, this thing keeps baby safe and contained when you need them to be, but it's not like baby LOVES the chair or anything.