My little girl is now 4 1/2. I was going through my reviews and noticed that I hadn't done one for this, but at the top of the product page it says "You purchased this item on July 13, 2012", so almost 3 years ago. As we have used this in every stage and use and are STILL currently using it, it's only fair I share my experience with it. First, as a potty. I liked the fact that I could lift off the seat and then lift out a smaller "bowl" which made emptying the thing really easy. As it was smaller it was also easy to get under the tap for cleaning, unlike a one piece potty. Yes there are a few parts to this, but that makes it easier to use and maintain. After 5 days of intensive potty training my daughter was already comfortable with lifting the lid, using the potty, closing the lid and then coming and announcing to the world her glorious achievement! She continued using the potty with continued success. Then came the stage where we took the seat out of the potty, put that on our toilet seat and then used the rest of the potty as a step stool for her to access the toilet easily. The seat sat snugly, (say that 3 times real quick!) and she felt secure and was soon sitting swinging her legs, singing as she started to feel like a big girl. We used to take the seat section with us if we were out for any length of time, (particularly hockey games). This was invaluable for 2 main reasons. First, she was happy to sit on a familiar seat despite being in an unfamiliar toilet. Second, as a stay at home dad, I was happy for her to sit on her own seat in unfamiliar toilets, (particularly at hockey games), as I could only take her into the gents or family rest rooms which are hard to find as they are rarer. Again she grew a little bit and I hid the seat in the closet but left the step section. Whilst she did attempt to rebel at sitting on the toilet seat at first without her familiar blue seat, I held the advantage because I was not the one desperate to "go". Rebellion lasted 2 days and now that is where we are at after nearly 3 years. She still uses the potty as a step to use the big girl's toilet. So, take what you need from this review. It was her first, her last, her only potty and it's still being used as a step. I can't speak to the problems people have with little boys getting their "aim" up and over as I have not had a boy. From what I remember though, that was a common problem with most potties and without building up a "cod piece" like splash guard, not easy to overcome. I think it just means that whichever potty you choose, if you have a boy then be prepared to assist with aim in those early days! As for my little girl this potty has paid for itself in trumps and is still going strong.