We've tried many diaper creams hoping for a miracle cure for persistent diaper rash. I think which one you choose will come down to personal preferences on texture and reaction with your own baby's skin. Most of them have the same active ingredient (zinc oxide), which works by creating a barrier to block liquid (i.e., urine) from reaching the skin.Mustela is very different from many of the other creams (Triple Paste, Desitin, Boudreaux's, etc.) in that it has much looser consistency. I find that a pinto bean size amount is sufficient for the entire diaper area. It works as effectively as the other creams, but has a less noticeable odor and is easier to spread. Because it takes so much less to get the job done, a single tube lasts much longer. Our daughter has very sensitive skin, so we apply diaper cream with every change and the Mustela brand is very effective in keeping diaper rash from occurring.Tips for preventing and resolving diaper rash:1. DRY WIPES - stop using pre-moistened baby wipes. Try dry wipes/disposable washcloths wet lightly with plain water. We use Medline Disposable Washcloths - Ultra-Soft Dry Cleansing Wipes, 10" x 13" - Qty of 500 Model ULTRASOFT1013. Also available on Amazon with Prime shipping.2. GET HER DRY - make sure the diaper area is COMPLETELY dry before applying any creams/lotions. Use a dry wipe to dab away moisture, keep a paper fan near the changing table  to fan her dry or even use a hair blow drier on COOL setting (be very careful not to blow hot air as you could burn your baby).3. CLOTRIMAZOLE - If the diaper rash has raised red bumps, you may want to use clotrimazole cream 1%  (brand name is Lotrimin, though any name brand or store brand will do). You can call your pediatrician's on-call nurse to confirm if this is appropriate for your baby). It is a mild anti-fungal.  Just apply a thin layer of the cream to the affected area after it is well dried twice daily (including before bed time).4. BARRIER CREAM - Mustela is one that we use most often. Desitin, Triple Paste and others work too. Apply the barrier ointment AFTER the clotrimazole (if you use it). Use it whenever symptoms appear. If diaper rash tends to reoccur for your baby, use your preferred barrier cream as a preventive measure either with every diaper change or at a minimum before bedtime and nap time or whenever diaper changes will not be immediate (long car rides, etc.)5. DAILY BATH - the bath is the best way to get the diaper area really clean, and it can soothe baby's irritated skin. Never skip the bath when diaper rash is present.6. BARE BUTT TIME - Bare butt time (with no creams or lotions on at all)  is great for diaper rash. We will spread towels on the bathroom floor and let our baby play bare bottomed for 30-60 minutes after bath time (though we haven't needed to do this for a while now). Just make sure the room is warm enough for her to be comfortable without pants on!7. FREQUENT DIAPER CHANGES - Make sure to change diapers frequently when diaper rash appears (max 2 hours between changes while baby is awake), and never let a baby keep on a poop diaper. The poop and urine can interact to create a really bad situation for your baby's skin.