My older, almost 6-year-old son is autistic and he sometimes gets overwhelmed when we are in public, especially when we visit large cities.  When he gets overwhelmed, he has a tendency to drop to the ground and throw a tantrum, or stop in one place, refusing to move.  Neither of these things are preferable when we need to get somewhere.  So, in addition to a stroller for my 15-month-old, I also needed something to move my older 65 lb son.  I considered double strollers, but most did not go up to 65 lbs and they were all so large.  I initially purchased the Britax b-ready to use it as a double stroller, but it is such a monstrosity as a double and my older son really didn't use it much, so we always left the 2nd seat at home.  Then we never had it when we needed it.  I started researching stroller boards, but most of them sounded flimsy and wouldn't support such a large kid.  The joovy looked like the most stable one and I took a chance and ordered it.  It has been wonderful.  We took it on several trips, including a trip to Chicago with the b-ready (we drove there) and it was great.  My son loved it and when he felt overwhelmed, he was glad to be able to stand on it while we pushed him.  He was supported in the back by the handle (which surrounded him) and he held on to the seat in front of him (or his ears, depending on what was happening).  We went to DC earlier in the summer, without the board, and it was a horrible experience for all of us.  This board has made travel to cities possible for us.  (Also, I want to note that my son's kids size 12 feet fit on the board with some room to spare, which did not seem to be the case with some of the other boards.)While I am glad we bought this and will buy it again and again if it breaks due to my son's size, there are a few cons.  First of all, I am 5'3" and can push this with the b-ready without a second thought.  I rarely kick it while walking and I barely notice the extra weight while pushing, which included pushing both kids up and down ramps, hills, and occasional curbs.  My husband, however, is 6'2" and can not push the stroller when we use the board.  The problem is that because my son is between the seat and the handle, we have to keep the handle at a lower setting in order for him to have room.  This would not be a problem if you have separate handles, like on an umbrella stroller.Also, I don't know if this is the case for all kid/stroller combinations, but in our situation, the baby's seat has to be at the highest position in order for there to be enough room for my 6-year-old.  So, we can not use the recline or the seat would be shoved against my older son's chest.  This is not the fault of the product (since the stroller obviously wasn't designed to add a board on the back), but something you might want to consider when looking into stroller boards in general.Another con is that putting it away when not in use (like when my husband is pushing the baby w/o my older kid) is a bit of a pain.  To fold it up, you have to turn two knobs to loosen it, then use a clip to attach it to the stroller...it takes me probably about a minute to do, but when you have a kid who is running off, you don't really have the time to loosen and tighten knobs.  I kind of understand why it was necessary (for stability), but really wish they had come up with a better, quicker way to tighten that joint.  It also blocks access to the basket when up, so being able to quickly fold it down without fumbling with a clip has other benefits as well.  I generally don't bother with the clip, but that may not work on other strollers  On our last trip, we ended up just pushing the whole thing up without folding it and balanced the joint of the board on the back bar of the stroller.  It worked in a pinch.Lastly, and I am not sure if this is truly a con since I have not tested it, but I am not sure how stable it is with a less sturdy/less heavy stroller.  I have two older higher-end umbrella strollers (Maclaren XLR and a Quest Sport) and will try to remember to let you all know how it fares with those options.  The nice thing about the b-ready is that it has a large basket, but I think my husband can help push more if I can get it to work with the Maclaren.  But then we have to contend with the folding it up issue when we don't need it.  I will probably prefer to bring the Maclaren, however, when we fly, so I hope the board works with them.  Ultimately, I give this product 5 stars because I don't think any similar products can beat it right now for my uses, but it really is more of a 4/4.5 due to the cons.