My kids are 2.5yo and 6mo, I have been using this stroller for about two months.I read a lot of reviews and I still opted for this stroller, despite the cons that some reviewers listed. I chose it because it's one of the smallest front-back, double strollers, and I didn't like the side-by-side style. We have small cars and a small house, and I didn't want a Cadillac of a stroller taking up all the space. It was also important to me to have a sit-and-stand option as my 2.5yo is getting more adventurous and likes the jump seat, but still needs to nap or have a snack on our longer walks. This stroller is perfect for long or short outings.It's true that using the car seat in the front takes up a lot of space, but remember that the carseat phase is short-lived. I only used the carseat attachment once, it does work with our Chicco Keyfit 30. I prefer to bypass the carseat stroller adapter and instead use an infant support cushion like the Summer Infant Snuzzler. My youngest has been riding in a regular stroller since she was 2 months old, no car seat, just the support cushion.Very few strollers have easy access to the storage basket 100% of the time. As a parent, you get used to improvising and keeping the essentials handy, and stowing the extra stuff in the basket.The parent organizer is great, it's well made and fits more stuff that it seems.The rear seat is definitely less spacious than the front, but the baby sits back there and doesn't seem to mind. Occasionally my 2.5yo wants to sit in the back and she likes to curl up and pretend she's the baby. By the time the baby outgrows the backseat, my toddler will be using the sit-stand seat in the back most of the time, so I really don't mind it being a bit smaller.Sometimes the sunshade doesn't cover both kids adequately, it depends on the time of day and which direction the sun is coming from. I keep a muslin swaddle blanket in the storage basket for when that happens, and I drape it over the child in back. I also keep some office binder clips on the sunshade so I can secure the blanket in place if it's windy. I have owned many strollers in my day, and I do this with all of them.I would compare this stroller to a Honda Civic. It's compact, reliable and has everthing you need to get around, but doesn't take up too much space and doesn't need it's own garage! If you're looking for a full-featured stroller with double trays, double shades, extra legroom and lots of cargo space, you are probably better off buying one of the larger strollers. I give it five stars because it's a well made, clever product that works perfect for our lifestyle. It's versatile, has everything we need to get around town and our kids are comfortable in it.