I decided to get this seat instead of a regular (smaller) infant seat because I assumed my daughter would grow out of the regular seat before turning 1.  Well, that ended up being true, but I then learned that children are MUCH safer rear facing (do you research) and I didn't want to turn her around on her first birthday anyway.  When she was close to growing out of this I went ahead and got a First Years True Fit which should be the only other car seat she ever needs.  At almost 18 months she is still rear facing in the True Fit.So what does this have to the Snugride 32?  Well, this seat, like others have mentioned, is pretty heavy.  I figured the sacrifice was worth it since it should last my daughter until her first birthday I could just buy a forward facing seat then, but I would have been fine with the smaller seat.  I stopped taking this seat in and out of the car when she was around 6 months old, so I easily could have switched to the True Fit then.  I wish I had used the smaller, lighter infant seat for those first 6 months and saved myself some back pain.This is a great seat and I have few complaints - it's just that it might not be the BEST option.PROS:- Very safe- Good for taller babies- You can use it longer than smaller seats, but just think about whether or not this even matters to you.  If your kid is too heavy for the smaller seats, you're probably not going to tote them around anyway.  Just go ahead and switch to a convertible seat like the True Fit at that point.- Easily fits in the Graco snap and go stroller frame - so convenient!  I used this ALL the time and didn't have to carry the heavy car seat all the time.CONS:- A little on the big side, though it fit fine in the middle of my Toyota Corolla backseat.- Too big for restaurant highchairs.  I got tired of telling waiters to not even bother turning the high chair over for our car seat.  We just put it on a chair or in the booth though.- Heavy to carry around, though getting a stroller frame can help with this- The straps are a PAIN to rethread when your baby grows and needs them on the next setting.- My daughter has always been long and lean (90th percentile for height and only 25th for weight) and we had a hard time squeezing her into the straps by the time she was 20 lbs.PRO/CON?- It definitely gets warm for the baby in this seat.  Obviously not good when it's hot out, but it's great when it's cold and you can put them in the stroller frame with a blanket on top.  They stay really warm.