This thermometer is very cute looking, and easy to use.My overall 5 star rating is because it is really very cute, it appears to be well made, it does its job, and its very easy to use. Simple button push to change between F and C, and another button to turn it on (or it turns on automatically when in water), and you can even change what the high temp alarm is ( between 99-100 ºF).This is the first time I've done a review where Amazon asked me to rate additional factors, like "how fun is this toy?"  I put 5 stars because while it's not a toy, its definitely fun. As for educational value... well these ratings don't suit the item.Despite the other ratings, the product is great. I think it's an easy 5 stars.8/14/13 ** EDIT **I still feel like this is a great product, and I would still rate it 5 stars.1) I have also been using this to check air temperature, and it seems to measure VERY closely (occasionally one degree different) to a much more expensive room thermometer that I used to check this against. I don't have anything else to check water temperature, so I can't verify this, but I can't imagine it would be different.2) I have found one item worth mentioning: you should try to avoid submerging this thermometer completely in water. While I didn't do it on purpose, I regularly let it float under the stream of water filling the tub which pushes it underwater. The thermometer part in the center is actually just a press-fit into the plastic alligator/crocodile part on the outside. In the inside of the alligator part is a small hole, which will let water in if submerged (I imagine the water pressure becomes high enough to break the press-fit seal between the thermometer and the alligator). It's not a huge deal, but it is hard to get the water out (and doesn't really evaporate out well, being such a small hole), and it will cause the thermometer to float unevenly due to the water that's inside of it. I believe that just floating on the top of the water, it would never get any in there.I think if you're pro-active, a dab of 100% silicone would prevent this from ever being a problem (100% silicone should be baby safe once it's dried).