I ordered this night light after having trouble with a different product (our previous night light was rechargeable, and just quit charging all the sudden one day, and thus no longer works). So far we have been very happy with this night light - it has been perfect for helping my 2-year old feel better about staying in bed when its bed time. She enjoys staying up looking at her books after I leave her room, but wall-mounted night lights don't provide enough light for her to see her books without making her room too bright to sleep. This night light is just the right size and brightness to keep in bed with her so she can see. And with the automatic shut-off after 20 minutes, its perfect for saving batteries incase she forgets to turn it off, or falls asleep (which I'm sure is what probably happens every night).It only has one color light - a white light - but its the perfect color to provide a nice dim light. Our previous night light had various colors, but not white, and it sometimes really didn't help light up anything due to the color of the light - it was more of a glow than a light.The batteries are safely secured inside, only accessible by a small screw driver. This was a potential concern for me, as my daughter is VERY inquisitive about how things are put together, and is able to open many various types of battery compartments.The night light has a small button on the bottom that you push to turn it on and off. Its a bit small for adult fingers, but is very easy for my daughter to operate.The only concern I have with this night light so far is the material that it is made of. It feels like a more brittle type of plastic, and I'm worried that it may easily crack or break if dropped on our hardwood floors. Hopefully it will prove to be hardier than I think, but only time will tell for that one.All in all, we've been very happy with this night light, and would definitely recommend this to others.**UPDATE** After having this nightlight for several months now, and it having been dropped several times on both hardwood and tile floors, it has survived wonderfully! I have to admit I'm pleasantly surprised that it hasn't cracked. We have been very happy with this nightlight.