We've had several types of doorknob covers over the years.  These ones are the best in terms of:Overall QualityPreventing small children from opening themStaying on the knobWhat you should understand with doorknob covers is that they are all 2-piece designs.  Therefore they can all be "ripped off" to some extent if a child/adult pulls on them directly at the seam.  However, these covers compared to other brands are made of much thicker plastic and are therefore more sturdy.  Additionally, these covers have four locking tabs (2 on each side of the seam) and this makes them the strongest in terms of helping to prevent separating at the seam.  Another brand we tried (Mommy's Helper Door Knob Safety Cover) only had 3 tabs, and the fourth was actually just more of a bent lip.  This was its actual design and they came off very easily.These covers also have a sturdy lock plate that can be left open or will snap shut.  This helps prevent kids from sticking their fingers in the hole, then using their grip on the knob that way, or pulling at the seam.  I found again that these covers compared to the other brand were much more sturdy.  The other brand literally broke the first time I clipped the lock cover shut then tried to open it.Knob covers of any type will really only deter older kids.  Younger kids, such as a 2-year old, should be adequately prevented from opening doors when using these.  My 2 year old was able to open doors with a third type of cover we had, because those ones provided TOO much of a grip on the knob.  He would simply turn the grip to the top of the knob, then pull down on it with his weight to put enough friction from the grip to the knob.  These covers are still slippery enough that that method doesn't work.  Yes, the downside it that it's harder for adults to open the knob, too.  However, any cover that's easy for adults to work will be easier for kids to use, too.I'd highly recommend you start with this brand.  If your child still opens the doors, you may have to find some other method to keep it shut.