My husband and I are good students, we did a lot of research before deciding on this crib.  Our homework included visits to Babies R Us and Jordan's, reading Baby Bargains, Consumer Reports, and reviews here on Amazon.  We chose this one based on (1)Price (2)Quality of reviews/materials (3)Extended life due to conversion options (4)Preference for no drop-side (5)Availablity in a Natural finish.Pros:-Shipping was fast!  We ordered on 8/11 and it arrived 8/19.-Assembly was easy!  I'm 31 weeks pregnant, and put it together alone in less than 2 hours with nothing but a Phillip's tip in my drill and the materials provided.-It's sturdy and strong without seeming massive or heavy.-It's attractive, natural pine and has graceful curves.-Included toddler rail is terrific and extends the life of the crib.-Included trundle drawer is nice bonus.-You can order parts to convert to a full-sized bed, further extending the life of the crib.-All-wood/metal construction.Cons:-Directions could use a little fine-tuning.  I'm pretty handy, and they were not so clear.  The wooden crib parts are not labeled at all, making it difficult to determine which side was which. I also ended up with extra parts.  There were many more locking washers included (20) than were indicated in the parts list (4), and the instructions never told you how and when to use them.  I used 4 when installing the metal platform, but didn't use the rest.-Trundle drawer is pretty cheesy.  Not that this should be a selling point of the crib, but it's mostly particle board, the under-drawer support is too short, and the total drawer size is tiny compared to the dimensions of the crib.  No wonder they don't show it in the picture!  Ironically, this was the only part that had any labels for assembly.-Pine is a soft wood, and dings pretty easily.  It arrived with a couple of dings, and I put a couple in it during assembly.  This is to be expected and is a compromise we were willing to make based on the price.Notes:-This will be our first child, so we haven't used it yet, nor do we have much to compare it to besides other furniture.-Someone less handy might have more trouble with assembly.-Amazon told us it would arrive in January, but that probably was a SNAFU.-Product is actually made by Million Dollar Baby, DaVinci is a sub-label of MDB. You can find MDB/DaVinci reviewed in the book Baby Bargains (which is an awesome resource, for the record.)Summary:Nice crib for the price, which is just what we wanted.  Thanks!