Ok, where do I start... You are looking this cup up, so you are already doing your research and probably know all the benefits of using menstrual cups. So I am just going to tell you why I chose Lunette as my first menstrual cup and what I like about it. I am 32-yr old, and have normal flow (I change pads every 3-4 hrs during my heavy day). I decided to ignore the under-30 and over-30 recommendation for choosing a size and went for the smaller Lunette. Since I only have 1 heavier day, I figured in the worst case I had to empty it mid-day.Here are some of my favorite things about the Lunette cup:1) Size vs capacity - Great size for the capacity of this tiny cup. It holds about 20 ml which is pretty much what 3-4 regular tampons hold for me (basically enough for the entire day). The reason it holds this much fluid is that the suction release holes are right under the rim of the cup, unlike other brands that have the holes lower.2) Mid-range firmness - Firm enough to pop open easily and soft enough for comfort and to make it easy to break the seal and remove.3) Nice grip rings - both on cup and on the stem. Push and pull it and shove it and rotate it , you will never lose grip.4) It just looks prettier than other cups in my opinion :)Tips:1) Don't get disheartened if you can't insert it properly the first few times, especially if you are doing dry runs. I did 2-3 dry runs and I was never happy with the result ( I used lubricant too). I managed to get it open on my first try during my period.2) If it feels uncomfortable, the chance is the stem is sticking out and rubbing against your skin. Even if it doesn't bother you when standing , try sitting down and moving a bit while sitting and check if you still can't feel it. If you feel it, you should cut the stem a bit. Always cut a tiny bit at a time. I cut mine right after the first grip ring and I could still feel it so I cut it right after the second grip ring. I also tapered the edges with a nail cutter because I am fancy like that :) If you can get away with it, you may want to leave at least a bit of a stem so you can locate the cup. This is the first step in making sure the cup is positioned properly - checking if the stem is pointing in the right direction.3) Try different folds and find the one that works for you. I find the C-fold to be too wide in the beginning and punch down to be too wide towards the end. My favorite fold is a variation of the labia fold and it worked great for me. It is makes the full length of the cup relatively slim. I will add photos.4) Make sure it is properly opened by running your finger around it. It is very easy to feel any folds. If you feel a fold, press the bottom of the cup under it or try moving the cup up and down and rotate a bit until it pops open.Bottom line is I absolutely love my Lunette! I can't imagine ever going back to disposable products!