I am a critical care pediatrician and I was also a firefighter/paramedic for many years who was trained to install car seats.  I installed hundreds of car seats and I researched car seats extensively before deciding on this one for my children.  Here are some important points to remember when selecting a car seat for your precious little ones.1. All car seats have the same safety rating. They are strictly controlled by government. If installed and used correctly, all car seats will protect your child equally well in an accident.2. I have installed hundreds of car seats as a firefighter/paramedic. People would stop by the fire station daily to have their car seats "checked". I can recall only one seat that was installed correctly when they arrived at the fire station.  It usually took two firefighters to correctly install the car seats.3.  All of the car seats that were installed by the owners were too loose in the car.  The car seat should not move at all when installed correctly. When you try to shake the car seat, the entire vehicle should shake.  If not, it is too loose and will not provide optimal protection for your child. (You should seen the faces of the people with BMW's and Mercedes with leather seats! Sorry, but would you rather protect your seats or your child?)4. The straps should be tight as well. The straps should go over the shoulders and insert just below the shoulders if rear facing. (Btw-The AAP recommends rear facing until age 2 or when the child exceeds the rear facing capacity of the specific car seat.)  If forward facing, they should go over the shoulders and insert slightly above the shoulders.  The breast plate (the plastic clip in the center) should be at the nipple line and you should be able to snuggly place 2 fingers between the breast plate and the baby's chest.5. So the safety of the car seat is directly related to how easy it is to install. If the car seat is easy to install correctly, it is more likely to be done correctly and it will effectively have a higher "safety rating". If it is difficult to install and not installed correctly, it decreases the effectiveness of the car seat.With all that said, this is the easiest car seat to install. And with the option of the extra bases, you can install a base in all your vehicles and switch the car seat easily from vehicle to vehicle.  The 5 point harness is also rated to 65 lbs. That means you can use it for many years. My son is almost 5 and I still use the 5 point harness on him. I will continue to do so until he is over the rated weight. After that, the seat can be used as a booster seat to ensure the shoulder and lap belt fit appropriately.I feel there are only 4 negative.  The seat is very heavy, which makes it difficult to move from vehicle to vehicle.  The second is that the seat is very big, so it will not easily fit in small cars  The cover is very difficult to get on and off to wash it. However, it can be done and washed in the washing machine when it gets filthy.  Finally, it is not cheap. Originally it was $300 for the seat and $100 for an extra base, which is a very steep price.  $210 is still a little high.Overall, I'd recommend this seat to anyone.One more note: DO NOT BUY A USED CAR SEAT!!  Car seats are only designed to handle one accident. Fatigue after an accident weakens the seat and decreases the safety of the seat.  If you can't afford a new car seat, contact your local hospital, doctor's office, police department or fire department. There are usually programs in the area that will give you a brand new car seat for very cheap.I hope this helps keep your children safe.