I have had this exersaucer for about a month now and it is a hit. I was hesitant to buy it because we have enough junky-looking plastic stuff for babies in our house already, but my four-month-old was terribly hard to satisfy and pretty much refused to ever be on her own for 5 minutes so that I could snarf a sandwich down or empty the dishwasher. She is super active, wants to stand (be held up) up all the time, and at the time, was generally discontented with her toys most of the time. I bought this in desperation hoping that she'd be happy in it when I need a break and indeed she is. She'll happily spend 15 minutes in it before getting bored and that's all I was hoping for anyway. It has very bright colors and plays a variety of music and sounds, which my daughter likes very much. She was fitting in it at four months, but she is a little tall for her age. I think it would be too large for a baby smaller than 25 inches. But it grows with a baby so she'll be able to use it for a while. Some of the toys are too high for her right now, and some of them are a little advanced for her as well (there is a fake mp3 player that plays a couple songs if you can believe it). I am only giving it four stars because it is a pain-in-the-neck to assemble (about a million parts!) and I think some of the toys on it stink. There is a random apple with a worm in it that really doesn't DO anything and is too big to chew on so I guess it's just to look at. Not fun. And there's a school bus that also isn't too cool; it makes a sound of children laughing but the button is hard for a baby to push and it doesn't move or light up. The other toys are good though some are too advanced for my baby who is now 5 and a half months. Be warned that you need LOTS of batteries for this thing (12 I think). And each time they need changing you have to detach the individual toy and unscrew two tiny screws. Overall though, we like this saucer very much. I have collapsed it and taken it with us to grandma's house before and it's not difficult to do so that's a plus. You can swap out some of the lesser-fun toys with the Evenflo "switcheroos." And most important, it keeps the baby happy!