This stroller is the ultimate in umbrella strollers and has replaced our larger full size stroller. There are many good points and just a few bad. First the good:1. Canopy - Excellent. It will pull completely over the child so that light from the front and top are blocked. The zipper expansion on the canopy helps  to keep out light and distractions for sleep then zips up and folds back when not in use. It also removes easily when needed!2. Basket - It's a good size. Not big enough to put my large diaper bag but easily fits diaper necessities & some purchases. I use stroller hooks to hang my bags.3. Wheels -  the wheels lock in the back and on the front the wheels spin all the way around for easy driving through tight places. There's also a locking feature on the front wheels too, this will keep the wheels from turning left or right. The wheels don't feel like plastic but like a very hard foam.4. Seat - The five point harness is a nice feature. The best thing about it is that the padding along the back of the seat is removable to allow for more breathe ability. It almost completely lays flat, about a 135 degree angle (maybe more) which is fantastic! The edge of the seat, above the foot rest, is adjustable from flat (great for my 10 month old) to bent down to use the foot rest (does not move up & down).5. Height - I'm short (5'4") so it works good. The handles seems almost flush with the back of the stroller and are nicely padded. I am a big person and walk a little bow legged so I find my feet will sometimes hit the wheels if I am walking fast, long (for me) strides. For instance, casual shopping and a stroll seem fine but a 3k walk/race, I would kick the wheels.6. Folding/Opening - It's compact, not as small as a cheap umbrella stroller but just a small amount bigger when folded. The handle makes it easy to fold up and carry into a busy restaurant. Opening the stroller is a cinch. Just unclick a clasp that hooks over a sort of catch when you fold it up. Then pull it up and apart, once it is mostly open there is a black knob, that is flat on top that you push down with your foot or hand to lock the stroller open and you're ready to roll. To fold the stroller, there is an oval black handle, above the flat one you pushed to open it, which you pull out & up simultaneously to unlock the stroller. Directly connected to the black of this handle is a metal loop that catches on a small cylinder. The bottom of the loop is flat for your finger to pull the loop out and over the stroller. This will allow you to completely fold it up and the side clasp will catch thus locking it up folded.CONS:1. The five-point harness is not completely adjustable. There are slides to short the waist and the shoulder straps however even at the smallest they are still too big for my now 11 month old. FIX: I pulled the waist strap tight using the straps that are on the very back of the stroller and tied them. I then use the slider to adjust to a more comfortable length. The shoulder straps run up to the back of the stroller and have 3 heights. When you receive the stroller they are in the middle. However there is no way to access the straps from the back to adjust from the middle to the bottom or top. After repeated attempts to contact the company I found a video they shared some time ago that shows how to adjust the straps by feeding them back through the padding on the back of the stroller then out the new hole.  (https://youtu.be/bSP0v3ja27o ) Really strange.2. WORST USER GUIDE EVER - just pictures and it is horrible.This is a great stroller once you figure out the straps.