After reading the reviews I was a bit hesitant, but not for long.  I figured even if it didn't stick on/stay on my wall, it wasn't like I spent a large amount of money.  Anyways, I bought it and stuck it on my living room wall in my apartment. It has been 4 months now and it's still up! No peeling what-so-ever.  I matches my decor and I get compliments on it all the time!Here's what I did:Prior to installing the sticker, I cleaned my wall.  I didn't want to use any products that would leave residue or wax as it would probably interfere with the sticker's adhesive. I took a bucket of water with a tiny amount of dish soap, a large sponge (typically used for tile & grout clean-up), and I wiped my wall down.  I didn't want to drench my wall with water, so I made sure to wring out the sponge thoroughly.  After wiping the wall clean, I let it dry for about 15-20 minutes (took my hand and felt for dryness).  Then I assembled each sticker piece onto the wall.  It didn't take me too long... maybe about 25-30 minutes??  I'll do another review for when I remove it from my wall.Notes: My wall is basically flat.  It has a very subtle texture from the paint rollers they used (I guess).  The paint on my wall has a matte finish, it is not glossy at all.  The climate in my living room stays mostly around 70 degrees.  Now I am near the beach, so I am amazed that it's still up even with a touch of moisture in the air (can't help you there).  However it is NOT humid here at all.  These factors may have contributed to my sticker staying put.Tips:1) Study the picture on the package!  It will help you put each sticker piece in the right place. 2) Try laying out each piece on the floor first (like a puzzle) so you know exactly how big it's going to be.  If you cleaned your wall like I did, you can do this while your wall is drying. 3) If you mess up, you can remove the sticker but I would only suggest to remove it once.  If you remove it twice it PROBABLY wont stick again or will peel off easy.  I will say that when I messed up, it was quite difficult to get that sucker off!  I was picking at it.Good luck!