Update:  Hello LadiesI had to share my experiance with you since we first bought this high-chair. We have been using it for five months now every day and our little guy loves meal time. Actually sometimes when he is hungry he goes to his chair to let us know that he is hungry.He sweats so easily yet we no longer have a problem with the chair it was a few times thing. Otherwise its a fun place for him.Its so easy to clean you just wipe it and its good to go. Every once in a while I check underneath to clean if by chance food gathered there but it is as with other high-chairs.As for the tray it realy tilts a bit at an angle but its hardly noticeable - if it doesn't bug my boy it definitely doesn't bug me. And the size... its just fine. From my experience as a nanny and from my friends with children most high-chairs have smaller trays. I can't say for sure if there are bigger trays on the market than that yet this is positively of the bigger once.Now, I an sure there are some of you who don't like that the chair cant be mooved closer to the table because of the handles suporting the tray. I was thinking about it for a long time and even remember seeing a picture. Well I decided to take of the chair for a more thorough cleaning and checked the base. Guess what? It is removable. There are some green parts that you just pull together toward the center and you take it of; there now you put the chair back on its place securely and tilt the handles for the tray a little and... its ready for your munchkin to join the big table. You can also leave the base on and just adjust the hight. I believe there are three positions available. I have not tried them yet though so I have no idea how well it works about sitting at the dining table.I will post another picture of the chair in use without the base latter today.Overall it is a great chair and I would buy it again and again.I hope my update helps.Have a wonderful day ladies and enjoy the precious moments with your babies:)- - - - - - - - - -Picked this high chair because it saves me needed space and it looked quite comfy. It definittly is comfy; bb likes to sit in it and now when he started on his first solids is a great helper and a very happy place for him to sit. Easy to clean too; though bb sometimes sweats but still its not too bad. Did a lot of resurch online and the great reviews it got helpped in deciding on it. Couldn't be happier; and I hope it will fit him longer which is the only reason I am giving it a 4 star.