I will try to keep this short.  Have tried many many types of cloth diapers...Thirsties are my fave brand. So happy with their products and customer service. Bonus is that they're 100% US sourced and manufactured. All Thirsties products are hand sewn by American ladies (located in the South I believe).  The best kind of cottage industry, IMHO. I am a bit of a Thirsties cheerleader these days, lol.  And no, I don't work for them, just a very satisfied customer.After much experimentation I decided to go with Thirsties AIO Thirsties Duo All in One Snap, Meadow, Size One (6-18 lbs)for daytime and Duo Diaper SnapThirsties Duo Diaper, Mango, Size One (6-18 lbs) for night, car trips or whenever baby may go an extended period of time between changes. The duo diaper has the wonderful double gusset which means there is absolutely no leakage. The insert is easy to get in and out so you don't have to stick your hand in poo to remove it. I also love that the insert has two layers - hemp and fleece - that snap together. Thirsties Stay-Dry Duo Insert, White, Size One (6-18 lbs)You can use either or both inserts depending on the level of absorbancy required. The snaps and materials are highly durable -- they still look great after daily washing for months. They fit my 6 mo old perfectly! And not too bulky, either. Highly recommended.For an ultraslim silhouette, I prefer the Thirsties AIOs. Sadly they do not have the double gusset that I love. They are very easy on/off. There is a tunnel under the second layer of fleece, into which you could slide an additional insert.  I have never tried it because I use these diapers specifically for their lack of bulk.  They are great for daytime or for potty training (because baby will be able to remove them herself by potty training age, esp if using velcro closures).  The only downside to these is that they take a while to dry if you hang them on the line.  I line dry all of my diaper covers and AIOs because I find that they get roughed up in the dryer. On a side note, I don't buy velcro diapers anymore because I found that the velcro falls apart with repeated washing.  Snaps are much better.At first I felt that it was more expensive to buy the Thirsties, because you have to get them in 2 sizes. It didn't take long to realize that "onesize" diapers are actually far too big for young infants and too small for toddlers of potty training age. After I brought my 6lb baby home from the hospital I discovered that NONE of the diapers we'd bought came CLOSE to fitting her. I had to buy an emergency stash of Thirsties XS size diapers and covers.  Great for petite babies and preemies! She was able to wear the Thirsties size 1 at 8 lbs and the other brands' one size diapers at around 14 lbs.  If you have a large baby, perhaps the one size would work for you, but my small baby wasn't able to use them until about 5 months old.  Right now, at 15 lbs, she can fit both size 1 and size 2 of Thirsties diapers (so double stash bonus for a little while, yay!)