A couple months ago, we took a long road trip with our three-year-old twins and I wanted to find some fun toys for them to use in the car that would keep them occupied for at least a few minutes so we wouldn't have to hear "Are we there yet?" all the time. Another requirement of mine is that the toys be easy to clean up and not have a ton of small parts that would get lost in the car. I came upon these travel flash cards and thought they were a great idea for my kids to continue to learn their alphabet, numbers, colors, shapes and Spanish. I was a bit hesitant at first because several of the reviews said that the cards weren't in the correct order but I took a chance and ordered them. I also purchased two sets because I didn't want to give my kids another reason to fight over a toy plus the price was just what I wanted to spend.As soon as they arrived, I checked both sets to see if there were any issues with any of the cards. I am happy to say that both sets were in order and I didn't find any problems with them so hopefully that issue several customers had a few years ago has been resolved. Each set of cards has a small mirror on the front. The first section of the cards is the alphabet and each set of pages has the capital letter on the top card and the card that's facing it has an animal that begins with that letter, the name of that animal with the letter underlined, and the name of that animal in Spanish. After the alphabet are numbers one through ten. The top card is the number and the bottom card shows the number of fish that correspond with that number, the written word for that number, and the number in Spanish. The final section are colors and shapes. Each card shows a colorful shape and then the English and Spanish words for both the color and shape. The cards are bound with two plastic rings and the top of it is a thick, plastic handle which makes them easy for small hands to hold. The size of the cards measures 4 inches by 4 inches and the cards feel like laminated paper. So far, they haven't ripped at all and they were thrown all over the car. I've included a few pictures of the different sections of cards so you can see what they look like. I was actually very impressed with what is all included in the set and there are many concepts for kids to learn.My kids used these quite a bit while we were in the car but since then, not so much. My kids are just so busy and don't sit still for very long that these don't often hold their attention, especially since they want to go outside all the time. Still, the cards are designed very nicely and will come in handy as we continue to review their alphabet. They are very easy to take to a restaurant or anywhere you may have to sit for awhile and teach your child some letters and numbers. I love that the letters and numbers are printed in big, bold colors so they stand out and the animals pictured are real animals and not drawings of animals. I also really like that the Spanish words for the letters, numbers, colors, and shapes are included as well since I loved learning languages in school and feel it can't hurt to teach my kids a few words here and there.Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase even if they don't get used all that often when we are at home. I still feel they will come in handy when we travel, go out to eat, or have a rainy or snowy day and need to find something fun to do. I think these cards are nicely-made and priced just right for what is included. Hopefully the problems with these cards in the past has now been fixed and everyone who purchases these cards has a positive experience like we did. I didn't save the packaging but the product description says these cards are made for kids three years and older. I don't see why babies and younger kids can't use them with adult supervision because it can't hurt to teach them some basics at a young age. My only regret is that I didn't discover these sooner because we could've made great use out of these when my kids were younger but, since we have them now, we will keep using them to teach them their letters and numbers, among other concepts. If you are looking for a good toy for traveling, going out to restaurants or just want something that is a good learning tool, I'd recommend these. They are fairly inexpensive and would even make a good stocking stuffer!