I ordered this tub because my Eurobath (EB) got a crack in it and a new one was $40 compared to the blue one of these for $20.  It was hard to tell if it was the same looking at the pictures, but it is essentially the same.  Once I received it I compared the two.  Hope this helps.  The Dream on Me (DOM) has a smaller area to sit and a slimmer area to lay baby.  This could be a pro or a con, with my EB, this area was a little large for a newborn so we had to put a towel in it so they didn't slide too much.  So the DOM might be better for little ones.  My guy is just starting to sit up (9 months) and he is a chub and he can still fit.  So although it is slimmer, this is the time you would switch them to sitting on the other side anyway.  I do like that on the DOM where the baby sits there is a sort of ledge near where the baby's back would be and this is better than the EB which just slopes back.  As you know, new sitters are a bit wobbly, so I usually had to wait a long time to have my baby sit up in the EB.  There is a drain hole on the DOM, you don't need a rubber hose, but it is smaller than the EB.  The drain itself is really unnecessary, you just lift to dump - it gets us in a good habit anyway to not leave it filled.  We turn it over completely when done so there is no chance of remaining water in it.  But it is nice to have if you overfill it and baby is already in it.  Both have the same size soap holders but the EB has slits in it to drain any water.  They measure almost identically for height/depth and the circumference.The DOM says it is good for up to age 2 and the EB says age 3.  I would agree with this assessment since the sitting and laying areas are smaller on the DOM.  However, I have to say I rarely used my EB past age 2.  They really just want a bigger bath by this age and especially if you have older kids, they end up bathing with them, so I wouldn't let that sway your decision - you will likely use them both about the same amount of time.For those not familiar with EB or this DOM, I have to say these are my favorite tubs.  The are so easy and allow baby to use it much longer than those little tubs you get initially.  I have 3 little ones and tried many kinds, and this type is my favorite.