We've been using the wave for approximately 2 months and so far it's great. I read all of the reviews before we took the leap of faith (since you can't find it in stores) and ordered it. We got it for $222. For some reason Amazon randomly dropped it to the price for a few days and we jumped on it. Anyway, I knew the major complaints before we got it (small basket and no cup holder). To remedy that we usually have our diaper bag hanging from the handle. That frees up space in the basket for other things and if we need it to the diaper bag can handle a bottle of water. I've had no problems with the handle supporting the weight of our bag.The other things that people complain about, I find to be great. The fact that it has a slight wobble is wonderful. When my son is freaking out I can kind of jiggle the seat back and forth to calm him. I don't have to constantly be rolling to make him happy. Also, the ability to  swivel the seat is great in a restaurant. It means he takes up less room. We pull the stroller up next to the table and then spin the seat so that he's facing us in his car seat. It's as if he's pulled up a chair to the table. Even though the wheels are parallel to the table, he can still face us. With any other stroller we'd have to pull up perpendicular to the table, making the whole stroller stick out farther and get even more in the way of anyone walking past.So far we've only used it with the car seat (Chicco keyfit 30) and the bassinet, but we really don't have any complaints. I was prepared to spend a lot more than $220 on a stroller, but I'm so happy I didn't have to. What's the point of spending $700+ on a stroller when I'd probably end up using an umbrella stroller in 6 months anyway? But in the meantime it's great to have a stroller that's so versatile (being able to turn baby out of the sun, without removing the seat, and still have the wheels facing the right direction is amazing).I saw a review complaining about not being about to use the bassinet independently. Given that the bassinet turns into a regular infant seat, making the bassinet rigid enough to stand alone just wouldn't make sense and would make that transition difficult. This stroller packs in so much for the price, I just don't think that's a legit complaint.I did a lot of research on strollers. There is not one stroller that has it all, but this one comes very close and won't cost you an arm and a leg.