My wife and I settled on this crib after reviewing several options, and we are overall happy with our purchase.  There were two options available for purchase at the time we looked: Target, which had many reviews, or "Delta" which had quite a discount relative to Target (at least with free Prime shipping) but had no reviews.  First we were not sure they were both the same (particularly, it was not clear from the picture if the trundle casters), but from what we could tell they were.  We took the chance with Delta, and we were happy to find out that it was the same product.Here are the few issues we found with this crib:1) The assembly of the changing table took a while because the cardboard backings would just not go into their respective positions.  I only got things to come together after applying what felt like unreasonable force, which ended up delaminating the end of these cardboard sheets.  Fortunately the exposed cardboard was not visible from a standing view, otherwise it would have been a small eyesore as the crib is dark in color.2) The right end of the headboard (the curved top piece) was not finished (smoothed/rounded) wood like the rest of the visible surfaces.  It is painted though (thankfully!)3) We were initially disappointed with the smallish appearance of the trundle. I measured the internal dimensions to be 15" x 45" x 4".  However, that being said, it has been very useful for storing extra diapers / wipes.  The clearance between the bottom of the trundle to the horizontal bar that is at the bottom of the crib is 6.25" which is wider than diaper width so is good for storing the three unused diaper bundles we get from our four-pack orders off of Amazon with room to spare.As for the assembly, my advice for the changing table is to look for the notches that are made in the lamination to fit the thin cardboard backings, and to push their edges in before trying to fit the pieces together.  Maybe try pushing the cardboard into those slots at an angle, starting at one end, and then rolling forward to get it in all the way to the end.  Trying to push that cardboard piece in to its slot straight down from the top requires quite a bit of force and may cause you to accidentally tear that flimsy laminated cardboard piece.We are using the LA Baby 4 Sided Changing Pad 30", White and it took some pushing in but it fit, also in the hamper we were able to fit this in perfectly: Honey-Can-Do HMP-01262 Pop-Up Mesh Spiral Hamper, Medium, White.update: 5 months into using the hamper as a hamper, now we use it as storage for extra bedding (sheets, blankets, quilts, swaddle blankets) because we noticed a really bad smell emmitting from the hamper, even though I only put dry clothe in there but I guess there was no ventilation so it stunk up after awhile.