I purchased this pack for both my husband and I to pack our 30lbs 18 month old son with us when we hunt, hike, fish, horseback riding, camp, and enjoy the outdoors. I was thrilled when I found it and even more thrilled at an affordable price. The product is put together incredibly well and my son loves it. He hates to be confined and he seems to feel like he can move as well as see whats going on just fine. He seems comfortable, and well restrained. I love how versitile and well this adjusts, it is so easy to adjust and fits me well along with my husband; it could also adjust to go for smaller people. I really enjoy how padded the shoulder and waist straps are to help take some of the weight off of your body.It takes alot of weight off your back. Im happy about the extra storage(it really is everywhere considering you have a human being on your back) and the waterbottle holders. I enjoy the weather sheilds for their face as living in Utah, and hiking in the high rocky mountains, the weather changes constantly- from sunshine to snow to rain and 70+ degrees F to 30- degrees F in literally 12 or less hours. I also really like this pack for household chores and yardwork, as my son feels like he can be apart of what I'm doing without being in my way or in dangerous situations. I'm disapointed in only having one color choice, I wish they had more earth-tone colors. I also wish it already came with a few accesories such as a mirror to look back on your child, and a sippy grip to hold drinks as it seems a fun game to throw it on the ground constantly.(I have now purchased these things, and suggest you do also) We are avid outdoorsmen and Im so excited to use this with our son, and future children; as we dont slow down with children, we take them along and teach them to love the mountains as much as we do! I deffinatly reccomend this product to anyone who loves the outdoors, and wants to take their children with them! I already have recomended it to many friends and family memebers who hold the same kind of lifestyle as we do. Don't stop going or slow down doing the things you love, take your children with you in this comfortable, easy, and safe pack!