I bought this baby monitor to replace my Bebe Sounds TV900, which I had used for a year an a half before our ram ran into it in my husband's pocket and smashed the screen (yes, I said a ram. We live on a farm). I called BebeSounds to get a replacement parent unit, but they were bought by Graco and I was told this is the replacement. I did some Amazon research and finally decided to get it without having a review (this is the first review, I think), mostly because the price seemed OK and I was attracted to the range. After having a video monitor before, it's horrible to live without one and it's worth every cent to me!Pros:-Picture is clear, fairly high res-I like the clock feature, that's very nice even though it's a small thing. It's fairly clear on the display, if small.-The infrared is good, and just as clear as the day vision. This is important because it's usually dark in baby's room when they are sleeping!-The range appears to be as good as my previous monitor, if not better. I just went outside and walked down the road to our farthest outbuilding (yes, in the cold and the dark. I care about completeness!) I think you'd be fine in a house of almost any size.-The zoom and pan are also nice, my old monitor did not have those. It's just one zoom level, from 1X to 2X. The camera doesn't make noise when it zooms or pans or anything (I was irrationally worried it would). It's probably just a digital zoom and pan.-The volume and sound quality seem good, and there are little lights to indicate noise level.-The belt clip is solidly molded into the back. This is good because the belt clip was the very first thing that broke off on the other monitor.-I don't see interference from my wireless at all. We live in the middle of nowhere, so I can't really say if there would be interference in a city.-The parent unit is slim and quite light. With only the equivalent of 2 AA batteries in it, it is MUCH lighter than the 5 AA batteries of my previous unit plus the screen.Cons:-The video is a little bit choppy, like it is not sampling as many times a second as it could. This is a small thing, and not a big deal. I just notice the difference from my old analog monitor to the new digital.-The sound can't be turned all the way off if you want to just watch baby. This could be an issue with cry it out, but my little one is past that so I don't know.-The keypad buttons don't do anything when you're not in the menu. I know this is silly, but it seems like they could have made a shortcut key for me using these.-If you want to switch cameras (currently I only have one, it says it takes up to 4), you have to go into the menu and select a different camera. This is OK, but again, those keypad buttons could be used here.-There doesn't seem to be a way to mount the camera on a wall. So you have to find a way to prop it up or put it on a bookshelf or something. So if you need that feature, quick run to IKEA or Home Depot and buy yourself a shelf for it!-You can't take pictures of baby with it. I saw that feature on some other monitors and thought that looked pretty cool.-You can't hook it up to your TV. I never did that with my old one, so I don't mind, but if you wanted to you wouldn't be able to. Not to mention, the plug-ins were next to each other on the old one and were very similar, so my husband would stick the charger in the TV port and then the parent unit wouldn't recharge.-The camera does have very faint red lights. This is silly because infrared does not need little red lights and should be invisible. I'd rather it was completely dark. Happily, there are no other LEDs on the unit at all.Neutrals:-I haven't had it long enough to know about battery life. It doesn't take normal rechargeable batteries, but the battery is like two AA batteries wired together like I find in my cordless phone. I suspect my RadioShack would have a replacement, and the specs are printed on it.All in all it has some drawbacks, but I'm satisfied. I think for the money it was a good deal, and I'm so glad to have a monitor again!