Overview:Homerun from Babyhome with the Emotion stroller. I have no idea why this stroller is not carried in more stores or more widely known.Background - We already have a full-sized jogger that stays parked at home, and wanted to find something that would work for Travel, for errands around town, restaurants etc.My BW ('Beautiful Wife' for those of you new to the wonderfully cheesy world of online baby review nomenclature) was sure that she wanted an umbrella stroller. Something easy to fold up and throw in the trunk, something narrow and easy to get around not just the crowded sidewalks of Santa Monica, but inside the restaurants and shops too. She sees all these Uppa G-luxe and Maclarens and they all look like rickety crud to me. The wheels are so tiny, the baskets underneath are mostly useless, and when folded, the umbrella stroller is generally too long to fit length-wise even in our station wagon trunk. Moreover, only a select few umbrellas will take a carseat.Move up to the ubiquitous City Mini-- solves a lot of these problems, but... it's wider and bulkier than most umbrellas.  Also, I was constantly kicking the rear axle on the City Mini. And there are complaints about not sitting upright enough, no adjustment to the leg-rest etc. (Can't beat the easy fold though!)Enter the Babyhome Emotion, from Barcelona.It looks great. It's solidly built, and smooth pushing. Good Storage space, easy fold, compact and narrow. We bought the travel backpack to take on a flight--worked great!.  Bought the carseat adapter and it works as a travel system.This is an urban stroller, not all-terrain. It's taller smooth wheels are great in the city and easier on curbs than the little wheel on the Uppa and other umbrellas. The wheels  can be locked and are okay in a park, on gravel or grass. It pushes easily through sand patches on the sidewalks around the beach.This stroller weighed 15.8 lbs on my scale. This is a few pounds heavier than an ultralight umbrella, but slightly lighter than the Britax B-agile and City mini. The Maclaren Triumph is their lightest with recline, it weighed 13lbs on my scale. Ditto the excellent Inglesina Swift and Peg Pliko Mini.  For our usage, the 3 pounds extra is well worth it.Initially when we bought the car-seat adapter I contacted Babyhome with questions. They replied promptly.Pros:1.Narrow/Slim design fits easily in restaurants and aisles. Sleeker and narrower than City Mini.2. Ultra-smooth gliding push thanks to Rollerblade-type wheels3. Wheels taller than most umbrella-stroller wheel, allowing an easier time with curbs and uneven terrain4. Excellent fit/finish and materials. This is no rickety ride. More stable and sturdy than any umbrella I tested by a wide margin.5. Easy to open and close, Stands when folded!6. Great for travel: Compact when folded, not too long like an umbrella. Fits into a durable custom backpack/Carry-bag7. Car-seat compatible!- accepts Graco/Maxi-Cosi/Cybex car-seats with adapter. Very few strollers this small/light can do this8. Clever easy to use 1-handed recline mechanism, from nearly flat to fully upright9. Adjustable leg-rest10. Peekaboo in canopy has magnets and clear plastic viewing panel11. Basket underneath is relatively large and easy to access, even when reclined.12. No kicking the rear bar (its Elevated out of the way) - I'm 6'4 and can walk full speed with Zero problems. Also allows very close shuffling (as in mall).13. Sandal-friendly single break-pedal.14. Comes with an easy-to attach fitted mesh screen and fitted rain shield15. Fully padded single handle bar, not the pistol-grips found on umbrella strollers16. Seat material is high-quality, well padded and deep to accommodate a tall child.Cons:1. Folding requires 2 hands.2. When folded, the seat material faces out3. Handlebar height is not adjustable, but works for me at 6'4" and wife at 5'4"4. Canopy is fixed (does not "follow the sun") and relatively small.5. Harness requires "re-threading" to adjust as baby grows taller. (Britax B-agile has a clever solution here)6. Recline does not go all the way flat-stops about 30 deg short of flat.Summary:Nearly perfect as a stroller for your car, or for travel.  Better over-all than any mid-sized umbrella or other lightweight stroller I could find, unless you need all-terrain function. This is an urban stroller extraordinaire. Because it reclines nearly flat and can take a carseat, it can be used as a sole stroller, no snap-n-go needed. That said, we keep a full-sized stroller parked at home for jogging, beach use and the general convenience of a larger stroller.The Emotion shines in the city or crowded places where its narrow lines and sleek profile matter most. For this reason we chose it over the City Mini, City GT, Valco Snap, and assorted other umbrellas ranging from Maclaren to Inglesina to Bumbleride Flite to Uppa baby G-luxe.Bottom line: unless you absolutely need something ultralight that you expect to carry a lot, or require a 1-handed fold,  this stroller provides an amazing range of functionality, in a footprint no bigger than an umbrella, with style and quality to spare.