I literally researched every highchair on amazon, read tons of reviews both on amazon and on the web, and watched tons of reviews on YouTube. It took me 2 weeks to pick out a highchair for our 8 month old. I had a few top contenders, but in the end this one seem to have the most conveniences. We live in a very small house and it was imperative I have a space saving high chair. This one not only folds flat, but it folds in half. I am SO pleased with the size it is reduced to when it is folded down. You can put it just about anywhere. Now I was concerned with one aspect before purchasing, many reviewers complained about the tray being too far away from the baby. Now every single highchair I researched seemed to have at least one flaw many people just hated. So I went into this knowing I might not be completely satisfied with whatever highchair I purchase. Now with my first born I had an Eddie Bauer chair with a tray that was adjustable and could be pushed right up against my baby. He used that chair for two years, and half of every meal seemed to ALWAYS find a way into his lap and every nook and crevice of that chair. It was a nightmare to clean. So I figured hey, the Joovy nook can't be any worse than my old wooden Eddie Bauer that did not fold up. And for the most part the Joovy has rockin reviews. The one possible flaw wasn't as big of a deal to me compared to the flaws of the other chairs I was considering. So I bought it, and I'm SO glad I did. My baby leans up to the tray when he is eating. We've been using it for a couple of weeks now, and there is not any more food ending up in his lap than my older son who had an adjustable tray. This chair is pleasing to the eye, it's compactable and lightweight, it has a handle when folded down so it's even convenient to take to grandma and grandpas house, and it's SO easy to clean from the leather like material to the removable top tray. Although I was skeptical about having a swing tray that wasn't adjustable, I'm finding it is way more convenient than juggling a tray that comes completely off while getting your baby in/out of the chair. And the most important part is he loves it, it's comfy, and roomy, and I feel he is totally safe when strapped into this chair. It's a winner for our family :)