Baby hasn't arrived yet but I've taken this stroller for a spin, or two, with my 43 pound almost 5 year old and it pushes so nicely (he is too tall for it but otherwise fits great in the seat).  He doesn't seem to mine that the seat doesn't fully come up but I'm not so sure a toddler would feel the same way.  The seat and bassinet sit up nice and high so you don't have to bend all the way over and the baby is higher when pushed up to a table.I love how easy it is to change from seat to bassinet and from front facing to back facing.  The fold on my stoller was also much easier than the one on the stroller in the store.  It is big when folded but still very light.The only drawback is that it is a bigger stroller than I had wanted but with the features I think its worth it.Also the green is so pretty, good for both sexes.UPDATE: Baby is 7 months old and we've moved to a big city where I take this out walking every single day (been here 3 1/2 months).  With all the construction they are doing in this city I have noticed that the stroller is lacking in suspension.  It is a bit of a bumpy ride but so far my daughter doesn't seem to mind.  The stroller is holding up great.As expected she is starting to get upset about is the recline.  She likes to sit up and I just let her by not putting the shoulder straps on her (they are still too big anyway).All in all I'm really happy with this stroller.I should add that we used the bassinet for the first 3 months as a bed.  I just kept it on the floor next to my bed.  I didn't care for the fact the baby could not be held in while riding in the bassinet.We did buy the carseat adapter so she could ride in her carseat- that was well worth the [...].Second Update: We've now had the stroller for 3 years and 3 different countries!  We used it daily in Peru for 18 months on rough sidewalks and loved it.  My daughter will be 3 soon and we still use the stroller around town here in Japan.  The recline, which bothered her when she was younger, is not an issue anymore.  She still sits comfortably in it and enjoys going out in the stroller.  She is walking more now so we don't haul it out as often as we used to.  Of course we just found out that #3 is on the way, so I'll be cleaning up the stroller for the new one.  With the piggyback I'm sure this stroller will work out great for us again.