I went out on a limb and purchased this travel bag for my Baby Jogger City Select.  The UPPAbaby and the City Select are very similar and almost the same size/shape.  I read all the reviews for the baby jogger city select bag and they didn't have high remarks.  I fly a lot and don't want to chance checking my expensive stroller at the gate before boarding the plane.  I've had two other strollers before this one and they always get beat up.  So, my strategy has changed now having spent a ton more money on this stroller.  I check this bag with my luggage and use an umbrella stroller to get through the airport.  That way, the Xray machines don't beat up the stroller (they always try to make you shove your stroller THROUGH the Xray machine).  This UPPAbaby Vista bag is AWESOME!!!!!  I highly recommend it!!  It has rolling wheels and a handle on top.  It will fall over if you're not careful.  It does have a plastic bottom piece on the inside of bag to prevent the stroller inside from ripping a hole in the bag. The bag held up so great.  I will say, you do have to take apart the City Select down to bare bones to get it to fit.  That means, taking off all 4 wheels, making sure the seat is detached (so easy) and the foot extension piece on the child seat is pushed up to the first and smallest notch so the seat is shorter.  I also had to take off the canopy that covers baby/child.  It will all fit in there...just not all put together.  There is a seperate bag for the big wheels inside of the bag and there's a big pocket on the front of the bag where I put the smaller front wheels.  I do have 2 kids which means 1 big seat and 1 carseat attachment piece.  The carseat attachment piece did have to go in my suitcase.  It's a simple bar and wasn't any trouble to stick in with my clothes.  After taking apart the stroller, it all fit great!  I didn't have to have two people to get it zipped up.  It easily zipped with room to spare. I'm 50/50 if a 2nd child seat will fit in the bag as well.  If it doesn't, I'll probably just stick in my suitcase instead of the carseat adapter bar.  I wish Baby Jogger made a bag this NICE!!!  It's a shame you spend so much money on a stroller and they don't make a travel case to protect your investment.  Glad the UPPAbaby does though...it is a quality constructed bag!!!