If you're like me you may have gone back and forth between this Graco and the Delta (Novel) playard. I ended up buying them both for my twins and here is the comparison.Ease of setup--they both take about a minute to put up. The graco was slightly easier to push the middle down that pops it all I to place.Weight & sturdiness--the graco feels lighter than the Delta (a good 5 lbs+), but the Delta feels a bit sturdier when set up, and seems slightly more durable.Shape--the graco is very squared off, and the Delta is square on bottom but curves inward as it goes up so the top railings are in a more round shape. This feels like its saving some space even though the dimensions are the same.Mattress--the graco has a very bright, colorful mattress pad with squares and bugs on it. It has a decent thickness in terms of padding for the baby to be comfortable. The pad also lays flat, but you do get a slight dip in the middle after a baby has been in there for a while. The Delta has a colorful mattress pad but with 'gentler' tones of color featuring the animals on the mesh sides. The padding is not as thick feeling as the graco, but the pad itself is more water and stain proof of a material than the graco. Even though it's not as padded feeling it feels sturdier. No dip in the middle, and I would feel a bit more comfortable with more weight in the Delta.Mesh---they both seem to have equally durable mesh. The graco has built in toys on each side of the mesh; whereas the Delta has the animals printed on the mesh.Price--the graco is more expensive than the Delta.All in all they are both nice. I think the better one depends on what you are planning on using it for. If it's going to be up all the time at your house or daycare, etc. I think the Delta is built sturdier and will be more durable with continued daily use. If you are using it to bring around with you places (hotel, camping, on the back deck, grandma's, etc). then I would go for the Graco because it is much lighter to lug around, and has built in toys so if you forget to bring some there is still toys for baby to play with. The graco also seems sturdy and durable; the Delta just seems a bit better in those departments; that's all.The 3ft by 3ft size is amazing!!  Wish I had bought one sooner!  We have twins and they both can play in one together without them feeling like they are on top of each other.