Ok, that's a little bit of an exaggeration. But this was the last resort for us after trying to get the baby to take all kinds of nipples from my husband with no luck. If this one didn't work it was going to mean I didn't get to leave the house for more than 2 hours until the kid was on solid food, and things were getting pretty tense between the husband and me!After a few days of easing into it, the baby now takes this bottle like a charm - even from me in his carseat while we're driving. Thank God.The bottle has MAJOR design flaws, as noted by pretty much everyone. Here's how I avoid the problems - so successfully that I never lose any milk anymore.1. Always hold the bottle by whatever is on the bottom (be it the screw on vent cap or the big cover), because the cover doesn't stay on at all. If you hold the bottle by whatever is on top, the cover will inevitably fall off and leave you with a lot of spilt milk.2. Ignore completely Adiri's stupid instructions about inverting the bottle into the cover before you fill it and putting the nipple into the recessed space. It doesn't work and leaks anyway. Instead, forget the cover completely; simply wash your hand and hold your finger(s) over the nipple while pouring milk in.3. Before using the bottle, thoroughly dry the screw-on grooves, both on the bottle and on the cap, so that where they screw together they create a good seal. Adiri advises also drying the nipple, the nipple recession in the cover, and I think the little vent disk area. I don't know if those steps are necessary but the screw grooves are.4. Have your containers of milk pre-opened before you start the process so you're not fiddling with them while trying to cover the nipple hole with your other hand.5. Once you've got your finger on the nipple, tilt the bottle the minimal angle necessary (ie, keep it as horizontal as possible). (In case of leaks, the more vertical the bottle is, the faster the milk leaves the nipple, so this way you save as much as you can.) Then screw the cap on as tight as you can, turn it right side up, and screw it further one more time to see if you can get it tighter. Don't put the cover on if it's not necessary - its loose grip on the bottle will cause accidents.6. Buy the "warming cap" if you'd like to be able to heat the milk by running the Adiri directly under water instead of pre-warming it. Just keep the nipple out of the stream of water.Tip to Adiri...next time you update the bottle, it would be awfully easy to print a second set of oz/ml measurements going up from the bottom, so that whichever direction the bottle is pointing in, it's easy to tell how much is in there. Not sure why this hasn't been designed in already - it's sort of obvious.A word of advice about introducing the Adiri if your baby has rejected other bottles - make it like a relaxed game for the baby. Try to de-stress and just approach the baby in a fun way, *without the goal at first* of having her or him actually drink from the bottle. Just give it a few days where your only goal is to let them play with the nipple in their mouth. This bottle feels good to them, which leads them eventually to suck on their own if they're not too freaked out, and I think the stress of us parents about how badly we need them to take a bottle really rubs off on the baby.