4.5 stars - I mostly love this bag.  I tend to kind of use my purse as a diaper bag, but I am also very picky about purses and I've been needing a new one.  I saw a PPB Touring Tote at a local store and loved the size and shape but I didn't care for the pattern that they had, so I came on Amazon and found this.I do love this color and pattern in person.  It just kind of matches everything.  I was worried about all the white--I thought maybe it would be more likely to get really dirty.  It hasn't gotten dirty at all, though, and I have used it a lot and set it in plenty of places that could have caused problems.  I think it just has to do with the glazed texture of the fabric; I think that keeps it really clean.I leave the short strap on the purse, and it typically works well for me.  Sometimes when I have too much stuff in the bag the short strap is awkward to use.  At those moments it seems like the longer strap would be a better choice, but I don't carry all of the straps with me (because that would be heavy and take up space) so I just end up out of luck and awkwardly trying to carry it too full with the short strap anyway.  Not a huge problem.The pockets on the exterior sides are less useful than I thought they would be, because the fabric is so stiff that stuff inside the pockets is somewhat hard to retrieve--not terribly, but it doesn't seem natural, if that makes any sense.  The pocket with the snap (by the PPB logo and the green embellishment) is the one I rely on most often for keys and other small things.  I recently tucked the wipe container into the changing pad zippered pocket on the other side of the exterior.There is a really small pocket inside another pocket on the inside and it seems like it is supposed to be for something, but I don't know what.  Keys, maybe?  My keys are too big to fit well.  A pacifier?  I don't know.  I don't usually put anything in that pocket.  It would be nice if one of the interior sides had a zippered pocket for my stuff so that my stuff and my daughter's stuff didn't all float around together in the bag, but I just put what I can in the four interior side pockets and whatever gets mixed together gets mixed together.  Maybe I need to start using zippered luggage organization pouches or something.The handle looks like seatbelt material.  People comment on that, and I think it's kind of embarrassing.  The metal latch on the short handle is sometimes squeaky.  I think I should apply WD40 or some metal lubricant, but I worry that if I tried to do that I would end up with stray drips of WD40 coming off on my things inside, or on the diaper bag itself, and I don't want that.  So, I just haven't bothered to figure that out yet, but I probably will eventually since the sound is really obnoxious.  It doesn't do it all the time.It may sound like I have a lot of complaints, but that's just because I'm listing them all.  The truth is, I use this bag all day every day, everywhere, and it is a great size, and I love how it looks, and although there are a few things about it that I would change if it were up to me, I am still glad I bought it, and if I were to go back again, I would definitely buy the same thing again.  If you use your purse as a diaper bag, this is a good choice.  If I had two kids, I would probably have gone with the boxy backpack style, but with just my daughter this is working out very well for me.