I bought this for our third son. When I read the reviews I was a little leary of the "pee shield," however, after seeing this potty in the store, I thought I'd take my chances. Amazon.com had a fantastic price that I could not pass up!I had potty trained my first two sons right after their second birthdays and had great success using another Fisher-Price potty. I had every intention of training our youngest immediately following his second birthday as well. As my other two boys are 8 and 10 years older than my youngest, I was in need of a new training potty. After receiving the Cheer for Me! potty, we fell in love with the adorable design! Our, then, almost-two-year-old wanted to immediately "use" the potty!Yes, the seat does comes off very easily. In my opinion, that's a GOOD thing as it makes for really easy cleaning. And as for the "pee shield," I had absolutely NO problems with it whatsoever. I do not know why several reviewers disliked the design or why they had issue with it, but we had no problems. Perhaps it was because my son, having just turned two years, was a bit smaller than the children who were having problems with the shield? It may be dependent upon the size of your child. My two year old is just a bit over average in his weight and is average height...perhaps that will be helpful to someone??The music is adorable and my son sang along with it. The potty has two different songs that alternate. One sings about the toilet paper, the other about being "big" and using "my own potty." The potty instructs the child to "flush the potty" when the song ends saying, "Now it's time to flush the potty!" Thus, my son would sit and wait for the instruction and proceed to "flush" his potty. He has now been trained for three weeks. While he still occasionally uses his Cheer for Me! potty, we are using the "big" potty now, especially for "#2."The Cheer for Me! potty is a wonderfully fun training tool that was immensely successful in assisting us in potty training our 2 year old. I found nothing negative about the design. I can absolutely say it ranks with the best training potties!