As a baby shower gift, I received the super-pricey, and super-bulky, Chicco Polly high chair. It was ok at first, besides being incredibly difficult to move and horrible to try and clean (it had not one but two covers that overlaid each other - really?), but it was when my son turned about 18 months that it became a real problem and I had to get a new one; the Chicco was positively FULL of cracks, crevices, and holes into which my toddler was shoving Cheerios, bits of meat and cheese, you name it. I had no idea he was even doing it until one day it fell over, and a pile of disgusting dried, old food came out of all his special little hiding places, of which the Chicco was completely full. Grossed out beyond measure, I decided to find a high chair that was attractive, but without so many joints, crevices, levers, or general places where one could shove food as a fun toddler pastime.This high chair ended up being PERFECT for that. Not only is its construction extremely simple, but there aren't a bunch of places to stick food and the cover is very easily machine washable and then snaps right back into place. The high-shine plastic surface wipes up VERY easily, especially in comparison to the Chicco Polly, which was frosted for attractiveness but horrible to try and clean. Not even spaghetti stains this Evenflo tray. It has plenty of room for a larger toddler while still being cozy enough for a six-month-old, so my daughter will be able to grow right into it. The tray comes off very easily with one hand and yet my babies can't figure out how to do it themselves: good! My husband put it together with ease - no difficult instructions here. Bonus: it looks fabulous in our kitchen because of its nice, neutral design rather than the usual neon kids' colors that usual contrast with most home decor.CONS: Moving it is difficult, as there are only wheels on the front. Why? This is a positive mystery to me. If the manufacturers were worried about the chair moving unintentionally with four wheels, why not just put a snap locking mechanism on them? Instead, you have to pick up the back of the chair and tilt it forward to move it. Weird.The dishwasher-safe tray liner comes off way too easily and doesn't snap into place. The very first time he used it, my son pulled it off and had a joyous rumpus smacking it against the tray before throwing it, with his food, onto the floor. This could be avoided if Evenflo had only made it snap into the tray for a firm fit. If your kids aren't as boisterous as mine, maybe it won't be an issue for you - but as for us, the tray liner is now stored in a cupboard and hasn't seen use since day one.