As other reviewers state, I was a bit hesitant to buy such a big purchase sight unseen from Amazon.  The return policy gave us peace of mind and we are so glad we took the leap!  My husband and I purchased this glider along with the matching ottoman Babyletto Kyoto Ottoman, Ecru Suedein anticipation of our first child.  We wanted something that looked sophisticated, was sturdy, yet, was not break the bank expensive.  While searching for a glider we visited Buy Buy Baby and Babies R US and in my estimation this glider is of higher quality than comparably priced gliders there (even when a BBB 20% discount coupon is factored in).  The look and finish are great and the chair is very comfortable.  Even when we do not have the baby in hand, my husband enjoys swaying on it and reading a book.  We couldn't be happier with our purchases.The reviewer who stated that the seat cushion of the glider pokes out further than the rest of the glider is correct, however, to be honest, if this was not pointed out to me I may have never noticed it.  It does not detract from the overall appearance of the glider.This glider is best teamed up with the ottoman or other nursing type of stool.  If the glider is on its own, I did notice that it is not nearly as comfortable (as a reference, I am 5' 6'').  Perhaps that is why previous reviews mentioned it was a poor fit for them?  With the ottoman you are able to put your feet up an relax.  If you decided to not purchase the ottoman, for maximum comfort you would want something to prop your feet up just a bit.  Something like a wooden nursing stool would do the trick.I was hesitant at first to go with the Ecru color as I was afraid it would stain easily.  Although we have only had the glider for about 3 months, this has not been the case.  As I am nursing, a bonus is that occasional milk drip does not show on the glider as it is similar in color.As mentioned in other reviews the lumbar support pillow is a bit of a joke.  However, for us it has been repurposed into a nursing pillow and it is great for when I have the baby in a football hold along side of me.In all, I am happy with the purchase and the quality of the item and would definitely recommend.  I have received several comments on how nice our glider looked and one friend who has seen it has even recommended it to her friend who is expecting twins.  What really seals the deal for us is that this will transition seamlessly into our room as just a nice piece of furniture (not something that looks like a nursery glider) once the baby is grown.