The first time around, my wife tried to use a receiving blanket, or a blanket with a neck loop attached.  Needless to say, our baby hated either of these and threw them off.  With our second baby, we tried a couple different nursing cover, and ANY real nursing cover is MUCH better because it has lighter, breathable fabric, and more importantly, it has a built in ring that gives it some shape at the top.  This makes a window where Mommy can see Baby, Baby can see Mommy, and it keeps Baby from feeling smothered.  All good things!The two models we tried were the Bebe au Lait Premium Cotton Nursing Cover and the Udder Covers brand.  Our feeling was that you get what you pay for.  The Bebe au Lait is definitely better, but to be fair, it costs 2-2.5x as much.Features that make the Bebe au Lait better are that the ring at the top is nicer--more of a rounded D-shape, whereas the Udder Cover one has a flimsy-feeling V-shape one.  The fabric is also nicer on the Bebe au Lait:  it's smoother/softer, and it's a little bigger, so it provides more coverage if Baby is wiggly.  The terry-cloth pockets in the Bebe au Lait are nice in that they provide just a little bit of weighting for it.Overall, my advice is to get a Bebe au Lait If you're going to be using it at all regularly; it is worth the one-time cost to get one as your primary nursing cover.  The Udder Cover one makes a great backup to use when you're washing your main one, or if you need to stash a spare somewhere.(What we ended up doing, which has worked well, is to have three nursing covers.  The Bebe au Lait is our main nursing cover, and it lives in the diaper bag full-time and is with us when we're out and about.  My wife has an Udder Cover one that she uses at work to pump, since the pump wouldn't appreciate the finer features anyway.  (The pump room is also an office, and it doesn't lock, so sometimes people walk in, not realizing it's being used for pumping.)  We also have a second Udder Cover that we use to swap out for either of the others when they need to be washed.