All in all this is a great play area for my 7 month old who was crawling and getting into everything in my living room.  I have a playpen for him, but wanted to give him a little more room to play in with sturdier walls since he has started to pull himself up to the standing position and the walls of a playpen are not very stable.I took the advice from a few other people who had left reviews on this product and decided to forego most of the stickers on this pen (just used the ones on the play panel) as I read they peel off easy.PROS:Easy to set upWalls feel sturdyDoesn't look like my kid is in a pet yardMy son LOVES the play panelLots of play roomMy son cannot get into everything in my living room any moreCONS:Easy to push around especially if you are set up on a carpetDepending on setup, walls connections were a tad flimsyNow as to the cons I listed above.  I set up this play yard in my living room so it was on my carpet.  The product comes with little suctions cups on the bottom that I think would work wonderfully in making the play yard feel more sturdy and keep it in place if it were on laminate flooring.Here are some ways that I "improved" upon this product to make it more to my liking.I set it up in a square shape rather than the octogon shape.  I used 10" mending plate on the bottom of the walls to brace the two walls together (the plastic wall are easy to pop holes into to put screws through).  In addition to the mending plates to prevent the play yard from moving easily if my sons pushes on it, I used those little rubber non slip pads for furniture to keep the walls in place.To cushion my son when he falls down I used the Tadpole 16 sq feet playmat (had to buy two of these so it was big enough for the bottom of the play yard).Also since my son is starting to stand up I wanted to give him a way to move himself up in the play area to strengthen his legs and help him get more practice in for walking.  To do this, I installed a few of those handles you can put in your shower to give you stability.  This has given my son something sturdy to use to pull himself up to the standing position...he has yet to learn how to move himself around from bar to bar, but I'm sure that will happen soon!With all this being said, I am really happy with this purchase.  I'm giving it 5 stars regardless of few cons I listed above because I was able to modify this so easily to my liking.  I would highly recommend this product!