This is the best stroller we have.  Somehow we have collected quite a few strollers 7 or 8 I think. This is by far the favorite of the family.  I wish we had picked this as the first stroller we purchased not the last.  We may have ended up with a lot fewer strollers.  Overall this stroller has held up really well.  We have two boys and have taken it on multiple international trips.  It is great in the airport (though it won't go through the scanner). When fully disassembled it can be packed in a very small space.Pros:super compactlight weightskinny enough to go through doorseasy to pushboth kids get a great viewVery flexible with layoutEither or both kids can sleep laying almost fully flatEasy to assemble/disassembleFolds flat into a single package for gate checking on the airplane (more on this later)Extendable handlebar is great for a more comfortable walking positionVery large cargo basket.  We frequently pack ours full, diaper bag, down jackets, slr camera, rain covers it holds it all.Cons:latch mechanism for folding is pointless.  It never held the stroller shut and broke within the first week of use.  If this is important to you add a velcro strap.Doesn't work well with the parent console.  The upper seat hits the console when adjusting the reclining position.  It is workable just not great.The front wheel lock design isn't great.  We had a problem where it would automatically lock especially on bumpy surfaces like brick walkways.  This made it really difficult to use.  Customer support responded quickly with a solution.  If you tighten the screw on the top of the wheel you can prevent it from going into the locked position.  Since we never use the locked position this worked great for us.The cargo basket could be more durable.  Within the first week one of the seams on the back of the basket separated from the basket.  I think it got caught by a zipper on something we put in the basket.More on how to collapse it for gate checking at the airport:  In order to collapse the stroller you have to remove the lower seat.  This creates a problem at the airport because you have two pieces.  There is a trick though:  Remove the lower seat and seat posts.  Fold the stroller.  Then you can re-attach the lower seat to the clips designed for single seat use.  By doing this it prevents the stroller from unfolding and you only have one thing to check at the gate (assuming you stuff the seat posts in your bag)