My mom bought me this set for my wife and mines first baby and we could not be happier with the purchase.  We were initially going to go with a Britax model that we both really liked.  The only problem with that one was the base for the case seat was absurdly big.  It wouldn't fit in my Corolla let alone my wife's Scion XD.  I guess our cars were too small for the Britax base. So, we headed to Babies R' Us so we could try and find a replacement with a base that could fit in our cars.  We tried a number of them but didn't like the style or didn't feel like paying 600 dollars was within the range of sanity.  We honed in on the FastAction Sports set and loved it.  The base fits amazingly in both our cars with plenty of room for the person who is in the seat in front of the baby.  Installation was a little bit of pain, but that isn't surprising as weaving a seat belt through the base with any car seat can be a bit of a hassle.The stroller.  As I am not very good with putting things together, I found the assembly of the stroller to be incredibly easy.  Insert an axle, snap on a wheel, and put the cover on.  I followed the directions and it took me three minutes to have the entire stroller together.  We love the stroller to.  The front wheel works great and allows for sharp turns in narrower situations.  The stroller is light and easy to carry, and even my wife has no problem lifting it in her her fragile state.  There are a number of sun covers that come with this model which is nice.  Also the car seat snaps right in and pops out incredibly easily.  We have tried other models and it seemed like you had to hit three buttons and really give it a yank to get out.  The stroller releases it nice and easy.  The fold action is really awesome.  There is a little red strap that when you pull it, it folds up really quickly.  There is a small basket on the bottom which is handy although do not think about holding really heavy things down there.  One thing that I really enjoyed is as the baby grows the stroller has a built in neck pillow  that, I think, will really help the baby when they are sitting in the stroller.  Some people may not like it, but I do, and that is the way you adjust the pitch on the back of the stroller.  It is with a draw string that pulls it up or allows it to go down.  Very simple to use. One negative, and it's a small negative, is that when the stroller folds up, it isn't as compact as other models.  You will need a bit more space then some other models, but less then others as well.The car seat, as we found out later, is one of the best when it comes to safety and I can see why.  It is incredibly sturdy and well padded.  The harness, if that's what it is called, is perfect for a child from newborn to between 30 and 35 pounds.  The adjusting straps in the car seat are simple enough to handle and adjust to the size you need them.  It also pops out of the base with one button and is very smooth.  What I really like about this though is that there isn't 45 places for it to attach.  There are three locking clicks, and when you  hear those three, you're good.  It's a very smooth and easy transition.I've seen that there are a number of accessories you can purchase, which we have not because we do not need them.  The only one that we purchased was an extra base for my car, as it simpler to just have a second base to drop her in when we are traveling in my car.  We got it on Amazon for 45 dollars, a small purchase in the grand scheme of things.Over all, we are very happy with our purchase and would highly recommend.  If you have a smaller car, like we do, we've found that all the things that are included in this travel system fit really well without inconveniencing the passengers of the car.