Cloud B has hit it out of the park with their Twilight animal line. We have the turtle for my 3 year old son and now the ladybug for my daughter. This ladybug is even cuter in person. The animal is very soft and plush but the shell is hard plastic so it probably can't be used very well for snuggling but is very durable and can be used for play. I love that the projected stars are actual constellations. We are just getting to the age with my 3 year old where we can point out the different constellations and compare them to the real thing on clear nights. One of my favorite things about the ladybug are the color options. You can choose red, blue, or green stars and you can push the ON button a second time to make it rotate between the three at a slow pace. My son was in love with this feature and kept saying "wow!" Red is definitely the most muted color choice and blue is the brightest. The stars project very well all over the room but are more defined and brighter the closer you put the ladybug to the ceiling. We leave ours on the dresser, turn it on for lights out, and the kiddos are in dreamland before the auto shutoff at 45 minutes (another great feature). I find traditional night lights too bright for leaving on all night so I love the ladybug's auto shutoff and easy to find buttons for turning on or off manually. With fresh batteries (3 AAA) the stars seem very bright and project the best. Over time (months of daily use) you will notice the stars getting more and more muted and softer. For some this is preferable but when they become too soft for your liking just replace the batteries and the stars will be very bright again. The Twilight Ladybug is a fabulous way to help your kiddos drift off to sleep with a gentle night light that is fun and educational.The 45 minute shutoff has also come in handy recently with my 3 year old that is starting to refuse naps. Now we tell him he has to stay in his room and rest until the stars go off and if he's still awake he can get up. 95% of the time he falls asleep :)