Chubby Babies Love FuzziBunz!  Well, mine does anyway.  I was skeptical about using cloth diapers. However, after tirelessly seeing my son's bottom pink - everytime - I opened his diaper, I thought I would give it ago. My Husband asked "Aren't you putting his stuff on him?"  My response was.... "I shouldn't have to put 'stuff' on him.  Cloth diapers solved the redness issue.I'm not going to lie, the process is kind of gross at times. I don't know anyone in their right mind who would look forward to poop. However, after trying a few different brands, I can say this is the only one we have not had a 'blow out' with. My son is in the 95th percentile.  At this point he is about 25 pounds and nearly 30 inches. He has very chunky thighs. I'm talking, the chunkiest (most adorable) thighs I have ever seen on a baby.I did try other brands and none of them seem to fit. They were all very snug and I knew they were not going to 'grow' with us into potty training.  As far as cleaning and the aftermath... I have a separate laundry basket for the diapers. I put them into a pillow case and leave them in their own laundry basket. FYI - after sitting in the pillow case, the moisture will seep out so do not leave them on the floor. We have found that a laundry basket works best.  I run the whole load on a cold soak (I didn't even know what that was until we started cloth diapering - You most likely have that cycle.)  You may have to manually switch it to 'rinse'.  After the soak/rinse cycle, I run them on hot and with Tide Free (White bottle with no perfumes/dyes).  Toss them in the dryer and you're good.  NO fabric softener. I have read that this will cause the moisture to not wick away from their skin. But there is an easy fix for that.  Google for the Dawn Ultra Stripping instructions or check the FB website.As for the liners, the liners that come with the diaper is sufficient. My guy is a heavy wetter most of the time. Joeyz Hemp Liners are also great and I did try them, but I've not had an issue with the standard issued liners so we have stuck with them. We also don't smell poopy diapers. My guy doesn't complain if he is poopy, just if he is wet. So it's a surprise, if you will, when it's time to change.I would highly recommend these.  The other thing I've noticed is that the Apple Green seem to run a tad bigger. I don't know if it's the particular stock, but had I figured that out sooner, I would have ordered all 13 in Apple Green!  I can definitely see these lasting into potty training. Good Luck. There are lots of options to run with, but I personally have found these to be the most convenient, economical and logical method for doing this.  I wish I had started sooner, but it is what it is.Good Luck and I hope this review helps a bit as I know it was confusing and frustrating in trying to figure all of this out!  I did post another review somewhere on here about these diapers, but I couldn't find it so I wrote another. If you are able to find it, it talks about the different brands we tried.