This is my favorite nail brush! This is meant for kids but it's great for adults too. I've purchased 3 of these in the past couple of years. One for myself, one for my daughter, and one for my sister-in-law when she was pregnant for my nephew. This goes great into a little gift basket for a shower! Include it with other bath related items and then you have a cute theme basket!Amazon's price is much better than what I have seen in many stores. I've seen this for about $7.99 - $8.99 in stores like Whole Foods, and in eco-friendly baby and child boutique stores for around $10.99!!My daughter used to hate having her nails scrubbed but kids are always getting stuff under their nails. Playdough, food gunk, dirt, paint, etc. I bought her this and she lets me scrub under her nails now and even uses it herself. The friendly whale and small size make it easy for kids to use and enjoy. Since it's not bright and colorful it looks like something adults would use, which makes it even more fun for kids because they think they are using a grown up tool. My daughter loves anything she thinks is for adults.She loves feeling the bristles, which are a lot softer than nail brushes for adults but strong enough to get crud from under those tiny little nails! She can grip it herself in her little hand and does a great job with it. The wood is smooth but not slippery like plastic, so it's perfect for little kids with soapy hands.I have used mine for my own nails and it works great but my favorite use for this brush is to scrub my face! Have you ever used a Clarisonic brush? I take this little guy and scrub in a circular motion and voila. Same thing, much cheaper. Probably hard on the skin but I am the type who needs to be scrubbed pink in order to feel clean.I'm afraid of the wood splitting or warping, so I keep mine dry after use by placing it in a tray with good air circulation and drainage. I've never had a problem with it but I don't let it sit in standing water. Although there was one time when I went on a trip and my husband didn't know about the tray. I was gone for about a week. The whole time I was gone my daughter let it sit in a cup full of water in the bathtub! It was unharmed and functions perfectly but I still prefer to keep it out of the water just in case.Sometimes this brush is unavailable on Amazon (it always comes back after a few days or so), another option if you're looking for cutesy and functional is the Kikkerland Nautical Baleen Clean Nail Brush, which is shaped like a whale and might be easier to convince a kid to use it.Also the design on the brush has changed a little. I recently purchased one and instead of a green whale, the whale and logo were embossed on the wood. The wood handle is also lighter colored and shinier. This is totally fine with me but I felt it was worth mentioning.