I searched and searched and searched and researched to find the perfect double stroller for when our second son arrived in March of 2012. Our boys are a day under 20 months apart. I found out that there is no perfect stroller, but the CitiMini Double is pretty close to perfection for our family! I knew we wanted a side by side double because I feel the front to backs are like pushing a bus (much like the bench seat shopping cart at the grocery store...awesome idea, way bad for the person pushing). After researching TONS of options, trying out a bunch at the stores, looking on craigslist I found the CityMini Double. When I first saw the price...YIKES...but we were fortunate enough to have my parents split the cost with my husband and I which was a huge blessing. However, I think we would have made do for a while, saved up the money, and bought this on our own....it's that good.Here are many of the features that I love about this stroller:* It folds up almost completely flat! Especially when you take the front wheels off, which is super easy I might add. We have this stroller fit in the back of our Mazda Tribute, it can also sit upright against the side of the trunk and we can still fit lots in for our family of 4. (The dog didn't come with us as much though after having 2 kids) :(* Folding and Unfolding the stroller is super easy, all you have to do is lift up on the straps in the middle of the seats and it fold up. It's fairly lightweight and I can easily lift it into the trunk of the car.* My oldest (who is now 2.5) can get in and out by himself which is awesome because he doesn't always want to be pushed in the stroller* I LOVE that BOTH seats recline almost completely! This was great when our second was a newborn, we had him in this stroller completely reclined with a snuzzler put in on his side when he was 2 months old. We strapped him in tight and could take him around the block as he slept comfortable. LOVE this feature! Putting the seats up and down is super easy too* I love that the sun shades go one step further than most to block out the sun when it's setting/rising. My kids like this feature too. It helps if they are napping as well or if it's really windy out!* The harness straps make me feel like my kids are safe, they are super easy to adjust and to put on and take off. I no longer have my 2.5 year old strapped in when we use it because he likes to climb in and out, but he can sit comfortably without having them on.* I LOVE that this is no wider than a wheelchair which means you can fit through just about ANY door! Many people are surprised to see me fit through doors with this stroller as I don't think many side by sides do. Some clothing stores in the mall make it a challenge to fit through (ironically children clothing store....you think they would have planned on double strollers), but whatever.Things that are a bit annoying: (not a con, just some things you get when buying this amazing stroller)* There isn't a lot of storage for your diaper bag. The basket underneath (although large) is hard to access. You can throw a few shopping bags from the mall in there, or loosely throw diaper bag items in there, but that makes a bit of a mess. We usually wear the diaper bag and push the stroller. There are two mesh pockets behind each seat that can hold a water bottle and snack easily which is helpful to quick grab and give the kids if necessary.* This isn't the best stroller to take on a bumpy road. I wish they had more of a "tire" feel to it, but oh well. It works for us to take the kids around the block (which is very bumpy, my toddler doesn't care for the bumps too much, but it is what it is, can't have a perfectly paved road). If you had this on a nice paved jogging path, it would be fine to push and walk/run/rollerblade behind.*There is no storage along the top bar for a water bottle, keys, paci, etc. This was a major challenge for me at first and I ended up putting a lot of it on top of the boys seats (just lifted the sun shade back, put my stuff there, and set it back to hold it). however, after much searching on amazon I found this DIONO BUGGY BUDDY ORGANIZER that fits the city mini double. It works on one side of the stroller, holds 2 water bottles, keys, phone, paci and is the solution to much of my frustration! CityMini would say that you are not to hang bags or anything off this handlebar because of weight restrictions and the possiblity of the stroller tipping over, but this little organizer would never get heavy enough for the items in it to make it tip over. Here is a link to that item http://www.amazon.com/Diono-Buggy-Buddy-Stroller-Organizer/dp/B005PK1G76/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1362767149&sr=8-1&keywords=diono+stroller+organizerThe seats do sit fairly close to one another, but the kids have to sit back a bit that they can't bug each other (ie hit one another) :) If you had a larger child, I'm not sure this would be very comfortable for them to sit in.On a side note: Don't hang your diaper bag off the back of the stroller if it's heavy or if you have super tiny kids in the stroller. When the kids get out, if the diaper bag is heavy enough, it WILL pull the stroller backwards to tip over. There are warnings all over the manual and the stroller that tell you not to do this and DUH, there is a reason. Because this stroller is so lightweight and compact, it will happen. FYIAgain, there really aren't many negatives for us about this stroller (just more annoying), but we have learned to live with it and/or found a solution and we LOVE LOVE LOVE this stroller for our two boys. We plan on expanding our family and knwo we will continue to use this stroller.Sorry for the long review - I just wanted someone to hear how this stroller has been great for our family or hopefully help you out if you are doing crazy research like I did in finding the best double stroller for you! Thanks for reading and sorry for any typos :)