I was torn between the Guava Family (GF) lotus crib and the Baby Bjorn (BB) travel crib. I decided to order both so that I could compare them side by side! Please bear with me as being succinct was never my forte.The carrying cases for both are stylish and subdued.For the BB crib, you can only carry it via two handles on top - much like a brief case. For the GF crib, you have two options: like a brief case or as a backpack. I like how the GF's carrying case gives you two options; however, the quality of the BB carrying case is better. The fabric is noticeably thicker and I suspect may be more durable in the long run if you're rough with your baby gear.The set up design of both cribs is instinctive.I was able to set both up without reading the owner's manual. For the GF crib, the mattress pad is secured via velcro tabs located underneath the pad. You pull the tabs through slots on the bottom of the crib and secure it to velcro tabs there. I was able to do all four velcro tabs just by touch. There's a bit of fumbling but I don't think that necessarily detracts from the ease of set up. I noticed that the mattress pad did pull up at four corners initially, but after a few days it now lays relatively flat.The BB mattress pad is secured via red tabs pulled through corner slots of the crib. They're anchored with a hook-loop mechanism instead of velcro. It was admittedly easier and faster to anchor the BB mattress than it was the GF mattress because I could see what I was doing. The BB mattress pad also initially pulled up at all four corners and is now settling down and laying flat. Neither crib had any discernible odor upon set up.As for the mattress pad, I'd say the BB mattress is double the thickness of the GF mattress. You can order a plush quilted sheet to make the GF mattress softer. I personally prefer the more plush mattress as my child is 15 months; however, I could also see why others would prefer the thinness of the GF mattress. I'd say it's akin to any typical Graco pack'n'play mattress. We have the American Baby Company 100% organic cotton interlock fitted pack'n'play sheet and it fit fine on both mattress pads.I feel that overall, the quality of material is noticeably different. The fabric at the top of the GF crib is not as smooth and luxe to the touch as the BB one is. One review noted that they felt like the former fabric could potentially snag more and I can see that happening. The top fabric parts of both cribs can be zippered off and washed. The mesh material of both feel exactly the same.To take down the GF crib, there are two handles on the top part of the frame that you simply squeeze. The location of the handles is indicated by white circles with upward arrows. For the BB crib, you tug the legs down and fold.Because the GF crib is shaped like a box, its footprint is larger than that of the BB crib. The legs of the GF also stick out further than the BB crib's legs. They're both roughly the same height. In terms of aesthetic appeal, I'd go with the BB crib. It's sleeker and I prefer the all black look versus the grey, white, and black of the GF crib.What I really enjoyed about the GF crib was the side zipper. My toddler had a blast running in and out of it and I felt like it just made the crib more fun and accessible to her. I even thew a blanket over the top of the GF crib and it became a wonderful little fort. I think it'd also be great for families who are into the Montessori method of floor beds. My child's a light sleeper so the side zipper wouldn't be useful in terms of nursing before a nap because the zipping the flap would just wake her up.I didn't feel like the side zipper was beneficial in placing the child in the crib. I like to put her down for a nap when she's nearly out and again, zipping the flap would snap her awake. The distance of putting her down from the top of the crib felt like how it would if I were to put her down in her Jenny Lind crib, which is on its lowest level; however, I am also in my late twenties without any back problems so I could see how the side zipper might appeal to consumers that are perhaps older or do have back issues.Ultimately, I feel like you can't go wrong with either crib. They both have their pros and cons. If I could, I'd engineer a travel crib that had the sleek, luxe look of the BB crib with the side zipper, carrying case, and folded dimensions of the GF crib. In the long run, I decided to go for the BB crib because I felt like it suited my family's needs more. If you're really set on the GF crib, I'd suggest ordering directly from the company's website. It's currently on sale (06.20.14) with free shipping and free returns. Plus I believe there's a code for a free travel crib sheet floating around the interwebs if you order from them directly.Happy traveling!