We waited as long as we could to buy a high chair, but our 10 1/2 month-old child needed a better eating situation, so we started looking.  After deciding against both models recommended by the Baby Bargain book 7th edition (Graco Contempo because of complaints about cleaning and the design on Amazon reviews, and FP Rain Forest Healthy Chair because it was just too ugly), we were looking at higher end models that grow with the child (like the Svan, Stokke Trippe Trapp and Keekaroo).  The high price was a turnoff and when we saw some of the models in person, they looked kind of cheap for being over $300 bucks with all the necessary accessories, plus many didn't have one handed tray removal and needed to be unscrewed to adjust the height.Then we happened upon the Blossom at a Burlington Coat Factory and it was fairly nice looking and seemed like it would be easy to clean (which was a sticking point for me).  Of course, I had to come home and do more research on the internet, but the Blossom is very new so not a lot of reviews out there yet.  We decided to buy it from Amazon anyway and are not sorry.The high chair assembly was pretty easy and the instructions were straightforward.  We put the chair in all four configurations just to make sure it worked, and it does, but we're only actively using the high chair format since our child is a small 10 1/2 months.  Even as small as she is, the leg bar still pushes into her and since it's attached to the tray, there isn't any way to adjust it.  If you have a larger infant, I would highly recommend trying it out in a store to make sure your child will fit before buying it.  Of course, the tray adjusts to different positions, but then there is a gap between the baby and the tray where all the food can fall, so definitely try it out if you can.  We were able to snug it up on our child, so it works great.  The large tray will be great once our kid is older, but for now we just use the smaller tray, which is still a good size.  Overall, we really like this high chair and think it is a great alternative to those pricier models mentioned above.