We recently transitioned from a Chicco Infant Seat Caddy to Britax B Agile for our 10 month old. The Caddy used to have a couple of cup holders and a lil space for our keys with a huge space for our Diaper bag and everything else. We missed the space undercarriage as well as any place to put our imp knick knacks ( keys, cell phone, cash, and most importantly bottles and coffee cups) in the Britax B agile.We researched quite a bit, as we always do, to find the best deal; in other words value for Money. The Dot & Dot stroller organizer was the answer. The Britax organizer is quite similar however a couple of things that really drew us to this one was. a) there is a zippered compartment in the front as opposed to all open pockets. b) The fact that this one can be taken along with the extension strap is great. It can also be attached to the back of the passenger car seat for additional storage. c) The Hooks are a great bonus to hang shopping bags, Diaper bags etc.All this is for the same price as other organizers.Some other Points:*The Quality seems good. But this only time will tell.*This Organizer attaches quite well and looks like part of the Stroller. It sits straight which means everything is stable.*This Organizer came packaged in a nice Ziploc Plastic that can be repurposed. There was no smell when we opened the pack like other reviewers have mentioned. Which means that the company takes their feedback quite seriously to improve the experience for the customer.*Like the fact that there is magnetic close for the compartment in between the 2 insulated cup holders so there is no noise in case the baby is sleeping. the compartment itself is not that big bit here is what I can get in just to give you an idea - 1 Diaper, A few emergency wipes, a little napkin, a 2 oz box of snacks,  a sachet of formula and a compact changing pad if I leave the compartment open. keys and cellphone goes into the outer pockets. One of the cup holders for my baby's bottle and one for my coffee cup.*The Organizer is collapsible which means it will not hinder the storage of the stroller. You don't have to remove it each time you fold your stroller.Overall a Great product and I would Recommend it to anyone how needs extra storage on the go!!