i ordered this carrier in the Ginger print and I am in love with it.  I ordered the Baby Bjorn for my newborn against all of the reviews about it hurting people's backs- and what do you know- even though my little one was only around 9lbs- my back was killing me after a short time!  I agonized between this and the Ergo and after researching baby wearing sites, you tube, and reading endless amounts of reviews- I chose the Beco since it is better for little ones, has the newborn insert in it already, and has the butterfly harness in it to make sliding a baby onto a back carry easier and safer.  I am going to use this as long as my baby and I are comfortable with it, and then buy the Ergo when she is bigger- if need be (or the Gemini- decisions, decisions!!!).  I wore my baby in the store for the first time today- and after practicing and setting up the insert on my couch before leaving the house, it was so simple to put on.  Not like the Moby- which I also have and seldom use for the tediousness of putting it on.  Putting on the beco was so simple that I was able to take her out of her carseat- she was sleeping- and put her in the carrier in the back seat of the car- mind you I drinve a VW Passat- not a large backseat- especially with a carseat in the middle!  I was able to get her strapped in, then I picked her up, took a seat, and put her on in a front carry!  She did wake up, but instantly fell back asleep once she was fully strapped in and on.  the whole process took all of 5 minutes and it was my second time putting her in it- the first in the car.  If that isn't a huge selling point, I don't know what is!  For me it is a life saver since I hate lugging her carseat into stores and putting her in the grocery cart and then pushing her out in the cart across a parking lot so bumpy, it seems like it would jostle her teeth out of her head- if she had teeth!  I usually use my travel system in the store- which is not ideal for a large shopping trip, so it would make outtings shopping for large or multiple items impossible.  Now I have a carrier that I love, the baby loves, and is easy to put on- so shopping trips are much easier.  I highly recommend this carrier!!!  If you are in doubt- google Beco butterfly 2 vs Ergo and watch a very helpful youtube video from selfmademom- I think that is her name- it is very informative!