This is our second DaVinci crib and we're pretty pleased with them, so far.  There are a few points worth noting (and some potential drawbacks):1.  Soft wood - this is not a hard wood crib, so it CAN be scratched/nicked.  That's the case with most cribs that are not super high end, so it's not necessarily a deal breaker.  Just know that baby can mark it up.  Our baby isn't standing/teething yet, so we'll see how the ledge part of it fares under the stress.  I am debating a fleece cover for the front rail, as it's ideal for small mouths, but we'll see.  The only parts you really need for long term are the front and back, as it will eventually turn into a headboard and footboard.2.  Under Crib Drawer - This was one of the main selling features, as our current nursery has a very small closet and we need all the storage we can get.  Realistically, I could have gotten any crib and just put some under-bed bins underneath.  There are a few small drawbacks to this feature:- Visible stuff - At the beginning, the crib mattress is pretty high, so you can see all the contents of the drawer from every angle.  Great, if everything is perpetually neat.  I am not THAT neat.  We made a crib skirt (cheaper than buying one) to hide all our excess baby stuff, but it is kind of awkward, as the sides of the drawer are unfinished (so you want the skirt to hide that), but it can get in the way of the drawer closing.  First world problems, but something to ponder.- Drawer opening - there is no handle or cut out to the drawer - it closes almost flush with the crib.  This looks lovely in the picture, but means that opening said drawer is not always the easiest.  You kind of have to wedge your fingers in the top or bottom of the drawer to get it started before you can open it.3. Front ledge of the crib - I liked the look of the flat ledges on the front and back of the crib.  Our first crib has curved tops and I like the flat ones a little bit better.  However, when leaning over it to put baby down, it's a little bit big/awkward to lean over.  Realistically, they're not laying in the crib for SO long that it's a deal breaker, but still.  More information isn't a terrible thing. :-)Overall, I really like this crib.  I think that it's going to transition to a bed nicely and will hopefully serve our kiddo for many years as nice, solid furniture.  Great for the price, especially with Prime shipping!