I own two of the Rumina's Relaxed Nursing Bras and I literally have worn no other bra since I received the first one in the mail.  Only days after my son's birth I found myself with cracked and bleeding nipples from breastfeeding.  Because providing my son with breastmilk was so important to me I started pumping so I could heal, provide him with breastmilk and keep up my supply with the hopes of breastfeeding again some day.  I was pumping every 2-3 hours, even in the night, and desperately needed a hand-free pumping bra.  I originally ordered a strapless, zip-up-the-front style bra from another company.  It worked alright, but it was tedious to undress every time I needed to put it on, especially at night when I was sleep-deprived.  I was also recovering from a c-section, and physically not feeling like myself yet.  The weather was still cold and the constant dressing and undressing with supersensitive bleeding and scabbed nipples was enough to make me want to give up on breastfeeding/pumping altogether.  Finally, the fabric was too thick to properly massage my breasts to help with maximum milk output.  I found the Rumina relaxed fit bra on Amazon during a midnight pump and in desperation decided to give it a try.  It was the answer to my prayers!  It's comfortable enough to wear 24/7, which I do, which is why I have two.  No more undressing to pump!  The fabric is thin and comfortable and I can easily massage my breasts during pumping.  I'm breastfeeding again, and can fairly easily breastfeed in this bra!  I also like the double layer of fabric that covers the nipples for a number of reasons (prevents nipping out, keep me warm, extra fabric helps absorb any leaking milk).  For reference I'm fairly small chested.  Pre-baby I was a 34 A/B, and now 36 B/C.  If I was any smaller chested I don't know if it would work...the cups might be too loose.  Overall I love this bra.  I imagine I'll be wearing it for many months to come, and I'm fine with that!  With being a new mom comfort and convenience is paramount and this bra fits the bill!  I highly recommend it!