I am currently expecting my second child after a long hiatus after my first.  The first time around, I can tell you, I bought every baby item there was.  This was pre-recession and money flowed a lot more freely -- plus, all that mommy guilt --> Don't you want the best for your child?  So, I got the fancy bassinet, the Mini Co-Sleeper, baby bouncer, baby swing, crib, vibrating chair, the works....  Well, a lot has changed since then.  As my daughter got older, I realized which stuff was essential and which things were fodder or luxury items that I shouldn't have bought (hint:  you can't always tell by the price).  Moreover, the recession put many of us into a frugal state of mind.  People shouldn't be impressed by how much money you can throw away, but on how wisely you spend what you have.So, this time around, I'm doing things a LOT more wisely and re-using or borrowing a lot of baby items--particularly when it comes to stuff baby will outgrow in the first 6 months.  But wouldn't you know?  This Fisher Price Snugabunny Rock n' Play sleeper has me soooo excited!  And I would not hesitate to tell every new expecting mom to rush out and get one.First, let me describe the item.  It reminds me of a bassinet/sling combo.  Rather than having an entirely flat surface to sleep on, the fabric is suspended from two arms to gently wrap the baby so that he/she feels snug.  Moreover, the fabric is hung at a slant, so that the baby lays at a slight incline.  This is AWESOME since so many babies seem to have reflux issues nowadays.  My baby, despite all the expensive baby gear we stocked the home with, ended up preferring to sleep in her infant car seat.  Well, this sleeper ends up mimicking that enclosed and inclined position of the car seat--only elevating it for Mom & Dad's convenient reach and making it incredibly more comfortable for baby with plush fabric and less bulky safety straps.  Not only can I imagine that this sleeper replace bedside bassinets and co-sleepers, it could conceivably replace crib wedges/pillows to incline baby, reduce prescription antacid usage for babies whose reflux can be improved by positioning, and even replace swaddling (and I had ever so expensive swaddle blankets which I loved, but are still costly) for babies who need just a bit of a snug environment.Other great features that I noticed upon second glance:* The legs are actually curved.  So the sleeper can be rocked to help baby have some soothing movement.  And *potentially* replace those baby bouncers or even baby swings.* The plush fabric is entirely removable and machine washable.  (There's actually a second removable plush insert for smaller infants who need more cushioning.)* The sides of the fabric are made of mesh, to allow airflow and prevent baby from becoming overheated.  (Disadvantage:  if you've ever had a baby explode out of his/her diaper, you know the mess it can make.  I can imagine that the mess could get through this mesh and onto the support fabric beneath--which is not as easily removable nor machine washable.)* A little plush bunny toy is included, which is attached to a plastic ring.  You can remove this for baby to play with, attach to your car seat or stroller as a sort of mobile toy, use as a teething ring, or leave it attached to the safety strap to weigh it down when not belting your child in or hold it out of the way when putting baby in and out of the sleeper.* The support sling is fabricated in a way that the baby still has plenty of support for his/her hips, unlike with a plain fabric swing which could hold the baby's hips too snug and push the legs together.  This is incredibly important in that the risk of hip dysplasia or dislocation is greatest in the first few months of life when the ligaments are still very pliable.  You want the legs to be able to spread out, rather than being pushed together and the sleeper has plenty of room for baby's hip extension.  Read more on hip dysplasia and baby products here:  [...]* Portability!!!  Aside from the fact that the sleeper was incredibly light and easy to assemble from all its pieces, it actually requires the pushing of just two buttons to fold up flat to store under a bed or to put in the car.  I can easily imagine using this in place of a Pack N Play or travel bed when hitting the road for vacation.  While the components could easily reduce into a compact space (you'll see that the package in which the sleeper arrives is very reasonable), the sleeper does not come with a carrying bag which would make it easy to transport onto an airplane (hint, hint Fisher Price) unlike the mini co-sleeper or pack 'n plays.Final notes:  The maximum baby weight for this item is 25 lbs.  It's a couple feet high, so it comes up about mid-thigh on me and is even with my couch.  So if you're using it as a co-sleeper, you may have quite a reach to get to baby from your bed unless your mattress sits low on the floor like mine.Full-hearted recommendation and a deserved 5 stars.  I wonder why this wasn't invented earlier?Please feel free to post any comments or questions.  If you found this review helpful, please let me know!