We got the Vista when we were expecting our second child.  Our oldest was going to be 2.5 when his younger brother was born and already liked walking so I didn't want a dedicated double stroller but knew I would need a double stroller some of the time.  For my needs, the Rumble Seat is perfect.  Most of the time I use the stroller as a single or with the UPPAbaby PiggyBack Ride Along Board but if we're going to a busy part of town or will be walking a longer distance than I use the Rumble Seat.I've been pleasantly surprised with how maneuverable and easy to push the stroller is with the Rumble Seat on it.  My son is around 32 lbs and in the lower seat so I was worried the stroller would be off balance but it's really not bad.  It's less maneuverable than a single stroller for sure but that's not a fair comparison. Compared to a true double stroller or even some other tandem strollers on the market it's great.  I have no problems pushing up ramps or up over curbs even with my close to the weight limit son in the lower seat and my infant in the main seat.  I also don't have problems over brick or cobblestone.  If you're using the rumble seat it will take two hands most of the time to push it but I think this is pretty typical of any stroller with two children in it.Finally, I was worried my son wouldn't like sitting in it because his view is obstructed but that hasn't been a problem at all.  At times I thought it would be nice for the seat to recline because usually my son is in the rumble seat when he's too tired to walk anymore but the lack of recline hasn't stopped him from falling asleep in the seat.  And then having a seat that reclined would just make the stroller heavier and more cumbersome and take away from the flexibility of this option that I like so much.Having lived with this for several months I'm so happy we made the decision to go with the vista + rumble seat instead of buying a new double stroller.  I don't think this would work well for twins or for babies much closer in age, but for us with a toddler who likes to walk and an infant this has been the perfect choice.