Mom of fraternal twin boys who did not intend to do cloth diapers. One boy has such sensitive skin that all disposables gave him constant diaper rash so we switched to cloth diapers about 2 months ago. The boys are almost 12 months old and very different sizes. One is a CHUNK weighing almost 25 pounds with a thick waist, large bottom, and very chunky thighs. The perfect size mediums actually fit him great with some room to grow. His twin is tall/long weighing almost 23 pounds but has a small bottom, thin waist, and skinny thighs. These mediums fit him too. We have also tried Charlie Banana one size, Bumgenius 4.0 one size, and Thirsties duo snap size two. These work the best for both of them. The biggest fail is the Thirsties which leak every time regardless of changing fit and adding inserts. The Bumgenius is only a little better than the Thirsties with a few less leaks. The Fuzzibunz are THE BEST. They rarely leak and if they do its because we didn't snap them right or they were on a sleeping baby for 12 hours overnight. Even then they leak only a little and most of the time even when worn for 10-12 hours overnight they don't leak. We do double insert with a Joey Bunz premium hemp insert and a Fuzzibunz microfiber insert for overnight and double insert with 2 microfiber inserts during the day. They are both heavy wetters most of the time so we do it for protection against leaks. The colors are nice but we don't care that much since these are pooped and peed in all the time. I also find them easy to clean: cold soak for a few hours, hot wash with Charlie Banana laundry detergent (specifically designed for cloth diapers), and 2 cold rinses. No staining so far on either inserts or diaper liners. I hang dry the covers and dry the inserts on low. Works great for us. Can't say enough good things about these diapers. If you are looking to cloth diaper try these first - I don't know about the one size version as we haven't used them but we love the perfect size (medium right now).