I love this pillow and I'm so happy I have this. If you are still pregnant and not sure if you'll be nursing or not, but want to try tandem feeding - I recommend you start with this pillow as you can still use it for other purposes.I had a c-section and this was my first pillow for nursing my twins (received it from registry) I have not used it to bottle feed yet at this point (my twins are 8 weeks, so maybe eventually?)What I love:1. Great soft cover2. Very comfortable - I loved using this pillow in bed, it make all of us comfortable and I love that if after nursing we all want to take a quick cat-nap I can just lean back and do so after nursing3. Easy to get in and out - with the buckle in the front, I found it very easy to get the twins on the bed in front of me, buckle up, and then get them on. When done, just unbuckle and out we go!4. I love using it to position the boys. I have used it from the first day they came home to set them in. The first several weeks they loved to nap on it. They were about 5 lbs and I did have to set a small blanket over each of the holes to make sure they didn't sink, but this was not a big deal. Now that they are bigger, we don't use the blankets anymore. My boys don't love being laid down on their back on the couch, so I use this pillow several times a day to set them down quickly.5. Easy to cart around. Yes - it is big, but when clasp the buckle, its easy to cart up and down the stairs like I did with one twin in the other arm.6. Easier to get the cover off/on than the My Brest FriendHowever - I decided to purchase a gently used My Brest Friend Twins Plus at 7 weeks for the following reasons:1. It was starting to get harder to use this pillow for nursing on the couch. I was afraid they would roll of the sides - and this was starting to happen in bed.However, the Twin Z is still my favorite for nursing in bed, but the My Brest Friend is much more supportive and secure, and I don't worry about them rolling off, so I use it more frequently on the couch.2. I was annoyed that I could not get the Twin Z more tight around me. Because there is only one buckle, you really can't tighten it much. I tied a knot in mine to try to get it to hold, but that didn't do too much. The My Brest Friend in comparison is much better and you can get it really tight and secure so there is not a gap between your body and the babies.I do currently use the My Brest Friend a little more than the Twin Z for nursing the twins, but I have no doubt that the Twin Z will be in our house for much longer than the My Brest Friend due to the multiple uses for positioning, tummy time, etc. If you end up successfully tandem nursing - I recommend you go for the My Brest Friend in addition to this one (as long as you have the space/$. We have a two story house and I'm always carting one pillow around to different rooms)