It really depends on why you need this stroller. Ill start off by saying I have 5 strollers and 2 kids (4 months and 3.5 years). We spend half the year in Europe and there we have the Bugaboo Chameleon (great for city living but not practical for suburbs) and the Baby Jogger City Mini GT for traveling to other countries. We used the Maclaren quest for a while but found that the cobblestone and uneven grounds in Europe made it tough for our daughter to sleep so now the Maclaren just stays in the trunk for quick grocery runs. We also have the Bob Ironman for running for when we are in the States. My husband and I run on average of 15-30 miles a week on paved roads and trails and we love the Bob. Problem now is we have two children.  My daughter is old enough where we don't need a double for everyday as we have the buggy board for the Bugaboo and that works fine. HOWEVER we are very active and we got tired of taking turns running with one child while the other waits. My daughter can't run mileage of course and even trail runs /walks are too strenuous for a toddler to walk. We needed a double for this reason. Locally we don't have these strollers so I ordered both. I love both my Baby jogger City mini GT and Bob Ironman so I wasn't sure if the Summit Double or Bob Double is what I needed. Brief comparison1- I like the canopy on the Baby Jogger better than the Bob. It's the same coverage just sturdier.2- the foot rest on the summit is really short. My daughters feet were dangling off the side bc she simply didn't know where to put them3- the Bob tends to sag in the middle when both children are inside. Not the seat portion but the backrest. This was not an issue on the Baby Jogger.4- the baby jogger is really short length wise. It makes it great for turns but I was worried if I took it on hills or trail runs that it would tip backwards. The Bob is much longer (and slimmer BTW) which also gives my daughter a place to rest her feet.5- handbrake. I really wanted one since I'm used to my ironman. The Baby Jogger has it and the Bob does not (even though Bob is coming out with a double in July 2014 with an adjustable handle and handbrake but I needed the stroller ASAP and couldn't wait).Long story short - we returned the summit and kept the Bob. The only reason why I'm not giving this a five star rating is because I miss having a handbrake. For running, I needed the durability and ruggedness of the Bob. I never write reviews but I figured perhaps this can help someone with the same criteria as I did without having to return one stroller back for $80. Arghhhhhhh