I actually have two of these humidifiers. The first one is an older TrueAir model, prior to Graco putting it's branding on the product; and the second, newer one, has the Graco nameplate. Other then the name, the two are identical.First the cons:-It does run a little bit loud. This is my only gripe, so I'm taking off 1 star off the product review.Otherwise, once I got used to using it I really like this humidifier.At first, I did have a few issues with it leaking water out the back. Once I figured out that the bottom cap had to be fastened properly and that the reservoir had to sit in the base correctly, I never again had a issue with water leaking out the back of the unit.The reason why I like this model is because it is incredibly easy for me to keep clean. Unlike the newer Crane teardrop model I bought around the same time as my second unit, I never have any issues with mold or mildew. I make sure that if I won't be using the humidifier, I remove all the water out of both the reservoir and base, and run it until the filter dries out. For me, it sure as heck beats going through moldy filters every 2 weeks and soaking and scrubbing the components in vinegar. By preventing the mold in the Graco, my filters last much longer and only require periodic de-scaling and rinsing. I remove the water in my Crane model daily as well, but it still develops mold; and the geometry and crevices of the Crane's base makes it much harder to clean it out. The removable tray in the base of the Graco, on the other hand, is much easier to clean.Yes, Graco has discontinued manufacture of this unit and no longer sell the filters. I was initially concerned about this as well, but the aftermarket filters I've bought from Amazon have done the job (3 Graco 1.5 Gallon Humidifier Filters; Fits Graco 2H00 & TrueAir 05510; Compare to Part # 2H01; Designed & Engineered by Crucial Air).They're not quite as nice, but mine have fit the humidifier without any issues.While I don't think I'll need another humidifier in the future, I think I'd actually try to seek out this model if I did. It may be louder than the Crane model and not as aesthetically pleasing, but for me it's much easier to live with day to day.