My newborn is 4 weeks today and we use this daily ever since he came home. In deciding to purchase this, I talked to a coworker and we came to the conclusion that it may not be worth it since we could use a blanket for a similar effect and if anything it is a complete luxury because he won't be in it for too long. In a spur of the moment decision 2 days before his arrival, we decided to go for it. We are so glad that we did!Whenever I am working on the computer (like right now), I can stick him in the newborn lounger. Even though he is always supervised, I know that he will not roll out of it because he doesn't have the strength to get out of the indentation. And, he is upright and slightly inclined unlike how he would be if instead doing tummy time on a blanket. It is also very cushy so he is not on the hard floor. He always looks peaceful and content when in it. It makes me want to get a beanbag chair for myself! However, we know that he will not be able to be in this for the long haul. He was 22" when born and his legs can only get to be another 6 or so inches longer before they hit the ground as they are at the edge of the top right now. His head is about 4 inches from the top edge now. However, I think that we still have several months of use we can get out of it.The only thing I don't like is that there is not a slipcover on it. We didn't research to find out if they are offered since he won't be in it forever so didn't want to mark it down for that. Though, it could be information a potential purchaser wants to know. We really liked the seed row pattern and the softness of the material. We could just toss the whole thing in the washer but I would prefer a removable cover that I can throw in the washer instead to take up less room. However, the times that he has spitup in it, it has wiped right off with no staining. With peach, 2 shades of blue, green, and brown, it is also neutral enough to use for any girls that we have in the future.---Update: He is 9 weeks now. He had spit up on it a couple more times but it always wipes right off. We have not thrown it in the washer yet and it doesn't need it. We throw a small receiving blanket over it as a layer of protection from spitups. The receiving blanket is smaller than what we would need for daily use but the perfect size as a makeshift slipcover. We take it with us to choir practice. While we practice, he just lays in it completely content. It is way lighter and easier to travel with than the bouncer or another place that we can put him while we need to be hands-free.