We have not yet used this, as the new arrival is not to make an appearance until August, however going on pre-baby inspection alone, I believe this will work very well for us. We have a small apartment, and the plan is to use this for the first months within our bedroom before moving to a larger crib in the other room. It arrived just yesterday and took very little time to set up by myself. I've only used one of these pack n plays once before and it was a very old version that I had for my daughter who is now almost 5. I chose this particular pack n play for a few reasons, one being the changing table that flips out of the way, so that it need not be entirely removed to use the bassinet. I could not see myself trying to juggle a baby after a c-section and wrestling with the latches on the other changing tables I had looked at in person within the stores. Also, where as this changing table flips into place, it also rests against the rails of the pack n play, thus lending additional support and stability. Another plus for me. Another factor was the diaper caddy. It has tons of room, and it actually can clip onto the front side, not on the end like shown in the image above. (You can't flip the changer all the way with the diaper caddy in on the end) Where as the caddy is not too wide, it will be handy, front and center, yet not in the way while moving an infant in and out of the bassinet. Third factor was the color which I based on the other reviews before me. They are correct, it is not at all the bright green as shown, it is a lovely, soothing shade of green...somewhere between olive and sage...and the monkeys on the mattress, though they will not be seen as they will be hidden beneath sheets, are adorable. I don't see the mobile being of too much interest, as it does not move on it's own, but my daughter who is very eager to help with the new baby has already vowed to give it a spin and entertain her younger sibling, so we'll see. All in all, I think it was a good purchase, even for not having yet given it a test run.