Ok so this monitor has a lot of features. That's what drew us to this monitor. The price is excellent as well. This monitor, compared to others for the price, was the winner for us.5 months after purchasing this monitor and 3 months after using it, we had a problem with the parent unit. When we turned it on it would just keep beeping and saying it couldn't find a signal to the camera. After reading reviews about the camera dying on other peoples monitor, I was nervous that our monitor was dead altogether..I emailed the company and it says on their website that they are suppose to get back to you within one day. Well te next day they still hadn't emailed me so I emailed them again. The third day they still didn't email me so I emailed them for a third time. I also decided to call them but was on hold for 30 minutes and with a 5 month old I finally had to give up. So I told my mom about the situation and she called them. She was on hold for more than 45 minutes and finally someone answered! She told them about my situation and how upset she was. They called my phone about 1 minute after they got off the phone with my mom. The woman sounded very concerned and was very sincere. She told me that occasionally the monitor and camera become un-paired an we had to re-pair the two. So she told me brief instructions on how to do it and also emailed me the instructions. She also told me they would send another unit out and gave me her direct email and phone number to call her in case it didn't work. Well it worked! So far so good and I'm very excited that the problem got fixed. Yes it did take them a few days to respond and yes we had to wait on hold..but when we finally got ahold of them they seemed like a decent company. I guess they need to just hire some more people to take emails and answer calls. Well hopefully these instructions will help other people that have a monitor that just keeps beeping.Turn the camera off. (on/off switch is on the right of the camera). Put your finger over the light sensor at the top of the camera. Turn the camera on while your finger is still over the sensor. Turn the monitor on and hold down the play/pause(on the right of the monitor) button for 2 seconds until a c1 display shows up on the screen. Press the menu button once and your display should automatically show up. Hopefully this helps:)