I used britax seats with my older son, and even though he was big andhit the 20lb limit on that 8 yr old version at 10 1/2 weeks, I loved its ease of use, ease of washing the covers removing and adjusting straps etc.  This new version with side impact protection SIP and the snap in base is even nicer!Cons --* the SIP insert tends to slide out of place or fall over, so you have to jiggle it up and then slide baby in, not always easy with twins  especially:-)* On the heavier side -- but thats the price for safety.* Does not go to 30 lb like the chicco and graco.* need to purchase and install a foam insert for 4 to 7 lb babies an extra cost item, and time issue too, since you need to buy from their web site.  should really be included in the packaging at the store with instructions. my twins were both in the 6 lb range at birth, and being exclusively breastfed ended up being 5 lb something while heading home, luckily, I had ordered and installed these inserts, since without them, their heads would probably be falling forward when the seat is installed correctly.  I removed it actually when they were 8 lb something betw 3 and 4 weeks. The foam insert keeps them much more reclined than the other seats.  thats another reason to pick this seat for me since with twins due, i had a reasonable expectation of low birth weight.* the shoulder strap is actually already in the 2nd/middle position since I  took out the insert, so hope the seat fits thro their growth.  The crotch strap is still in the inside position, even with their winter buntings, so I think that should work out ok with lighter summer and fall clothes here in CA* the included strap cover for their necks is totally useless since its impossible to slide that comfortably into the side of the SIP which is pretty snug fitting, and my twins are in the 5th to 15th percentile only!.Pros --* feels totally snug, comfy and secure for my twins, they were totally secure in it, and the rebound bar is a safety feature not found in the chicco or graco 30 lb seats which are the only real competition.  The primo viaggio is much more bulky and less easy to use.* the SIP keeps their head totally snug!* totally takes 5 minutes to rethread straps, remove covers etc. any time you feel like washing them, or adjusting the fit. mine came thro the wash really well, but wouldnt throw in the dryer, better to drip dry.* the light chest clip  is not a heavy burden on the delicate newborn, and who wants to mess with a puzzle piece etc with a screaming infant!* the handle is a breeze to move out of the way or into carry position if you hold it with 4 fingers on the grey button, and thumb on seat.  handle moves really easily into position though you do need two hands to get it to change position. The baby trend seat my s-i-l had was a nightmare to buckle up, to move the handle, and even to snap in and out of the base.  The graco another friend had,, had a ton of movement without the rebound bar, and the straps were really tangly /twisty too.  Can totally feel the solid quality here with this seat.  The material is soft and comfy and washes well, no weird smells from flame retardant like folks reported with the chicco seats on amzn reviews.  I would say try out the seats yourself before trusting say the consumer reports reviews.* the click when you snap it into the base is audible, but not loud enough to wake a sleeping baby.* works great with my baby trend snap n go twin stroller.* the heavy weight and 22 lb limit are not a real issue, since you would not want to carry around heavier babies in their car seats after say 15 lbs.  The competition is actually a tad heavier, and definitely bulkier! I plan to switch to a roundabout or  a marathon (depending on which fits in my car/truck at that time) once they hit my carrying  weight limit and keep them rear facing till well into their second year for safety  reasons. I did so until 20 months for my older son. At the time when they are the most vulnerable new borns, I want nothing less than the safest car seat out there, and I feel Britax delivers that thro the years.I am petite, and don't hope to really carry my infants in their car seats once the combined weight tops 20 lbs  that would be a 15 lb babyThe chicco was rated better for ease of use by consumer reports, not for safety, and guess what, they had a huge safety recall where those seats would not secure correctly to the base.  The only britax I owned that was recalled, was the marathon, and that was more a seatbelt issue, than the seat construction.  The britax is plenty easy to use, and so much more quality than graco etc.