My daughter had just started cutting her first tooth and it was ROUGH.  My wife works nights, and I work from home so I am with the baby most of the time.  The first two nights on her first tooth were brutal because she is our first baby and I had no idea what to expect or how to make her feel better.After those two nights I got online and started hunting down teethers.  I tried a few home remedy tricks like a cold wash cloth and frozen wash cloth.  Frozen fruits in a mesh bag etc.  Once online I found a huge array of teethers, some products that are really just toys are called teethers, but I guess technically since babies chew on them you could call it a teether.  This product, really has one function.  A teether.  That's what it is and that's what it is for.  I guess it could be called a toy since my daughter plays with it, but really it's a teether.  I bought one at a local store and my daughter loved it so much I quickly ordered several more from Amazon.  I made sure I had a couple of "backups" and bought one for my sister.  She has a baby a couple of months younger than my daughter and I knew she would be going through the same problems soon enough.The teether is excellent quality and designed for long term, and heavy use.  It's thick silicone type material.  I don't have to worry about anything breaking free and possibly choking my daughter or causing sharp or rough edges that could potentially hurt her.  It runs through the dishwasher really easily as well.  There is also a really nice hard case to store the teether in for throwing it in a diaper bag or backpack with no worry of bits of dirt or hair getting stuck to it while storing.This really did help both my daughter and I through a tough time for both of us.  I would suggest this teether for anybody who has had a tough time with the baby's front teeth.I would also suggest buying it Before your baby begins teething and have it on hand for when the time is right.  I wish everything for my daughter was as straight forward as this!