This box set comes with 1-Express Warmer (warms in 4 minutes or less!), 1-bottle brush, 4-4oz bottles, 8-9oz bottles and 12 newborn slow-flow nipples.The warmer has a light that goes on and off during the warming process.  It does not "ding" when done nor does it switch off by itself, so you do have to keep an eye on it and power off when the bottle is ready.  We use our oven-timer - it takes about 30-seconds to warm 1-oz of fridge-chilled milk, even though the grid on the warmer says otherwise.If you also purchase or receive the Avent Breastfeeding Set, you will have more than enough bottles and paraphenalia for the next 18-24 months of your baby's life.  The breastfeeding essentials set comes with 1-ISIS pump, 1-bottle brush, 1-microwave sterilizer, 4-9oz bottles with slow-flow nipples, 10-4oz bottles with 8-caps and 2 newborn nipples, and 100 disposable nursing pads.The Avent bottles have clear measurements in both metric and imperial standard.  The UK fl.oz is smaller in volume compared to the US fl.oz.  Having clear measurements help you to keep track of how much your baby is consuming per feeding etc.The best plus for the Avent products is the nipple - it has the same "latch" feel/grip as the mother's breast.  If you supplement with formula (like I do), your baby won't reject the bottle. Some other brand nipples (particularly the standard size) can irritate your baby's lips to form a bruise/callus.My son Jason (now 2-1/2 months old) also likes to "hold" his own bottle, just as he did when nursing directly at my breast.  The bottle design provides the same substantial feel - and the nipples are interchangeable.If you do purchase as you go, you will end up spending about $200.00 on average (if you also get some of the stuff that is boxed in the Breastfeeding set).The warmer itself is retailing at $39.00 on average everywhere - online or in stores.  The bottles are normally sold in packs of 3 at $19.99.  I haven't seen the brush sold by itself anywhere so I can't price it.I originally registered for this Newborn Feeding set just for the Warmer and bottle brush, to go along with the Breastfeeding set.