We have been using a regular Brest Friend pillow since Day 1 and I completely love it.  However, now my daughter is five months old and we are taking a trip (flying) out of state in July to visit family.  I panicked when I realized that I would need to start trying different holds or figuring out other ways to nurse her.  I practiced a few times and she was not very happy!  I guess we both just got set in our ways.  So I figured, at the very least, I could get one of those inflatable bath pillows or something, just so I could have a pillow...I came to Amazon and searched inflatable pillow and I just could not believe it when this came up!  What a find!Anyway, I received it today, and I want to specifically address problems other reviewers had.  I don't want to be mean, but the problems people reported would only be problems if you were not too bright.  For instance, the pillow absolutely can be inflated by mouth.  I just inflated and deflated it several times myself.  As a matter of fact, I don't see how you could inflate it with a pump.  It doesn't have the right kind of valve.  I'm not really sure why there are so many negative reviews about this, when it is the easiest thing in the world to inflate, and even has an awesome valve that is way better than the ones you get on other inflatable items (where you have to sort of squeeze it in your teeth...you know what I'm talking about).  It's bigger and has an automatic hold feature.  So nothing leaks out when you take a breath.  And it fills up FAST.Secondly, I understand the cover is a little flimsier than the regular ones, but, duh, if you inflate it partially, put the cover on, and THEN inflate it the rest of the way, you'll know when it's full and you won't stretch the fabric to the point of breaking the zipper.  This seems like a no-brainer to me.  That's what I did, and it fits great and is exactly like the original Brest Friend.  They've even put the valve right where the zipper ends, so you just have to unzip a little to inflate and deflate it.  I've just deflated it, folded it with the cover still on it, and put it back in the little case it comes with and voila!  It'll be so easy and convenient to inflate it again when I need it.In short, I absolutely love this item!  I am so thankful it exists and that the makers thought of everything to make it as convenient as possible.Two quick notes about the cover: the one that came with my order was not the one in the picture.  This didn't matter to me at all...it was still really nice and similar colors.  But just watch out if you really love this sunburst design.  Also, the cover on the package has a velcro adjustment for the strap, but the pillow I got has the regular clip and strap like the regular pillow.  Again, this doesn't bother me.  I'm a huge fan of the original, so I'm glad it's the same.