Medela Pump In Style Advanced Starter (model 57081) vs. Medela Personal Double Pump (model 57038)Buyers beware; or in this case, mommies beware. It is important for a mother who is in the market for a breast pump to know and understand the differences in pumps, even pumps from the same manufacturer.  Below are two insurance grade pumps manufactured by Medela, that look very similar but as you look at the pumping features, there are key differences!There are many durable medical equipment providers that provide breast pumps through insurance; some provide the 57038 model while Aeroflow Healthcare and few other DME companies provide the better 57081 model.I WAS NOT PAID TO DO THIS: I personally was confused about the two pumps and did my own research. My insurance allowed me to have ordered either one but I was not sure about the difference.I am glad I went with the 57081 model which has better features... I have colleagues that use this model and love it!The two pumps look very similar but as you dig into the details it is importance to notice the Personal Double Pumps (model 57038) does not have Medela's 2-phase expression technology which is proven to get 18% more milk when double pumping (based on Medela research).The Medela Pump In Style Advanced Starter (model 57081) also has fully adjustable vacuum/speed setting to allow the user to customize the best pumping experience!CONS:Unless you upgrade your purchase (out of pocket cost; also covered by FSA if you have one); the starter set does not have the Medela Breastmilk Cooler Set and bag (Shoulder bag, Metro bag, or Tote bag).Solution to that: I ordered the Medela Breastmilk Cooler Set for less than $30 and a regular shoulder bag for like $15. The medela accessories were more expensive!I hope this review helps someone make a decision!Thanks.UPDATE 5/19/14:I want buyers to be careful! The pump in the picture is the 57038; it is different from the 57081 that I have. Other than the picture here; the description and the product name on this page matches the 57081 model. So I don't know who is responsible for taking down the incorrect picture. I ALSO HOPE that sellers are not offering the Medela Personal Double Pump - 57038 model instead of the Medela Pump In Style Advanced Starter model (57081) as they can get them confused or something! I will say ask questions before you but and be sure that the seller knows exactly what model you want. Hope this helps :)