This is a really nice lightweight stroller. We have a Chicco Cortina, which is AMAZING, but weighs 25 lbs! My friend and I have season passes to Disneyland and we like meeting up to take our boys there often. Unfortunately, the Chicco stroller is just too heavy for me to manage by myself when getting on/off the tram and using the escalator while juggling my 6 month old and his numerous bags of stuff. I got this stroller because it has many of the same features I wanted that the Chicco has, but is MUCH lighter and also has a carrying strap so that I can easily put it over my shoulder while juggling all my other stuff.PROS:-Has a carrying strap and is lightweight-Has an almost fully reclining seat, which seems really comfy and has a nice 5 point harness-Has a sunshade with a peek hole to check on your child (although it is extremely small. I had to get the Protect a Bub sunshade extension)-Has a snack tray for your child with cupholder (very important)-Has an (admittedly very flimsy) drink holder for you-Fabric feels high quality and looks really nice, colors are really cuteCONS:-To fold the stroller, you need to completely remove the child snack tray. Very inconvenient when you are waiting in line and want to fold and go quickly.-Also, the folding of the stroller isn't very intuitive (I had to carefully read the directions) and you have to attach and hook two pieces together to hold it all closed (unlike the Chicco which automatically snaps closed and stays)-Does NOT have an adjustable handlebar like the Chicco. This is important because my husband is 6'2". He recently used the Combi for the first time to take my son on a 30 min walk around the neighborhood and said he felt hunched over and his back hurt afterwards since the handle was so low-the wheels seem cheaply made and because the handle doesn't stick out very far horizontally from the stroller, I kept kicking the back wheels when walkingOverall its a nice lightweight stroller, but is better suited for quick shopping trips than an all day use, in my opinion. Although I DO like the stroller, I probably wouldn't buy it again if I had to do it over.