I LOVE this gate!  My daughters are 2 1/2 years old and they are not ready to go upstairs alone yet, this gate gives me peace of mind when I'm in the kitchen doing dishes.  Because my doorways are crooked and uneven, my daughters have been able to take down wooden baby gates and plastic baby gates in 2 seconds flat.  These gates are sturdy and they are high, my girls know they're not getting over these things and don't try.  It's so nice to not have to fix the plastic gate 50 million times a day any longer!There are a couple of con's but regardless I am very happy with my purchase.  I installed it myself, the installation went pretty smoothly, I only had to re-do it once, it took me about an hour.  I have learned over the years to carefully read and absorb directions and pictures before beginning because many times all you have to do is miss one detail and you have to do it all over again with anything you're putting together.  That's not fun, so I wanted to avoid it.  Okay, so my doorway was wide enough to need the second panel, but the panel did not extend enough to be able to install the foot support that comes with it.  That's okay with me because it's sturdy as is.  I would rather have the foot support, but it can't be helped.After reading other reviews and having my own common sense/knowledge of installing anything heavy to a wall, I knew I would need to find a stud.  Now, I have a stud finder but mine had dead batteries, so I just knocked on the wall to look for hollow spots.  Turns out I got lucky and my entire door jam was solid on both sides.  I've also read reviews about the length of the screws.  The only screws that I think should be longer are the ones that come with the latches.I used the screws that came with the gate but plan on buying longer ones and screwing those in.  I thought there would be some sort of way to easily open the gate to walk through it but there's not.  I'm 5'3 and have to struggle to climb over it, I just barely make it.  You can unscrew the spindle on the latch to get in and out, takes a little bit of time but I've had to do it for two of my older sons.Shipping was pretty fast, I ordered it on October 3rd and received it on October 5th!  That was exciting!  Over all I'm extremely happy with this gate and want one more.