My one year old is a very messy eater. We’ve been using the high chair that has a cloth, cushioned seat that requires washing about every 3rd day and it’s getting very annoying. I have been looking at these boosters for a few months, but there are so many to choose from that I wanted to be able to sit down and read the reviews and find the best one. Fisher Price has multiple styles and then there were other boosters that looked good. I ended up going with this one, mostly because there was an “open box” deal that was hard to pass up. I am so mad at myself that I didn't get this sooner! Here’s why I love it (and a few things that could be a little better):Likes:-Convenient: I love how simple it is to use. It can be moved and adjusted very easily. My son now gets to join us at the table, rather than being off to the side. It’s made dinner time more enjoyable for all of us. We take it off and bring it to the grandparents and our friend’s house easily. The back folds down so it's smaller and can be carried by the straps. I am using the tray on it right now because he’s still too messy to use a plate at the table and would likely throw it on the ground. Eventually he’ll be ready for the booster without the tray, pulled right up to the table. I’m glad this is such a versatile system. I'm also excited to sell my high chair and have that extra space back.-Strap adjustment: I was very worried it wouldn't fit in my chairs. I’m posting a picture to show our chairs, the seats are huge and the back of the chair is large. This fits easily with a few inches to spare. I take it to my neighbor’s house for game night so my son can sit at the table and watch us play domino's. It is easy to adjust it to fit their chairs as well.-Cleaning: This is huge for me. I was so incredibly tired of washing the high chair pad and cleaning out the cracks. The tray comes of easily and just gets scrubbed off quickly and the seat gets a wipe down. There are little holes where the straps go into the seat that still is a tiny bit hard to clean out, but not a big deal. The seat belt straps come out easily and can be washed and the holes cleaned.-Toys: This is toy tray is a nice bonus that most other boosters don’t have. My son plays with it for about 3-5 minutes at a time, just enough time to serve up food. The toys are difficult to clean though, so I try to keep food and dirty fingers away from it.Dislikes:-Toy tray removal: It’s supposed to come off easily, but the tab you stick your finger in is pretty shallow and there’s nothing in there to get any leverage off of to pry it off. I haven’t had to resort to using a knife or anything, but it could have definitely been designed with a tab to grip.-Tray size: My other high chair has a very large tray that fans out, this one is very small in comparison. My son is in the stage where he likes to drop food off the side when he’s full, this booster makes that much easier for him. On the flip side, since it is smaller and he’s now my equal height, it’s so much easier to feed him. I don’t have to lean over at all.The other benefit I've noticed is I’m sitting down for meals more with my son. I work 2 days a week, so him and I are home alone a lot together. With my other high chair on wheels I would pull it into the kitchen and feed him while I did other tasks. Now since it’s easier to sit at the table I find myself making us lunch and then sitting down to eat with him. I enjoy this time we spend together and it forces to me eat regular meals also. I definitely recommend this booster, it is easy to clean, pulls right up to the table and is very portable! Despite my couple issues I still have no problem giving it 5 stars because I do “Love it”.