Update - 4 round-the-world trips later:I carry this bag every day.  I stuff it full of heavy junk every day.  I throw it under desks, tables, into the trunk of my car, in the overhead bin of a plane, and under the seat in front of me.  Let me tell you - THIS BAG ROCKS!!!It's showing no signs of wear at all.  (The zipper once-in-a-while gets stuck, but that's only because I'm trying to zip it up with one hand, while the other is juggling cellphone, airplane ticket, suitcase, etc.  I've always managed to fix it in seconds with no soap, and no tear to the lining)This bag holds so much, I'm the person everyone in the office comes to when they need something (and I've usually got it).I bought a BigSkinny Credit card wallet in Ocean Blue (http://www.amazon.com/Big-Skinny-Womens-Jaguar-Credit/dp/B00GK7BFO2/ref=sr_1_29?ie=UTF8&qid=1438193288&sr=8-29&keywords=the+big+skinny+wallet), and it matches the bag PERFECTLY!  It fits inside the clutch purse with no problems, as well as the long interior pocket in the main bag.I also bought a packable ChicoBag Reusable Hobo Repete Bag  to keep stuffed in there should I need to carry anything else Now, I'm set for anything.My only wish?  More summer-friendly colors!! (Dusty pink anyone????)Update:  6 (very rough and tumble) months later:This bag has been around the world twice, carried all sorts of heavy junk, been thrown under countless tables in meetings, and logged more flight time (tossed under the seat in front of me)  than any other article I own.  It is my everyday bag, for work, errands and play, and I've only ever used another bag once in these 6 months.  The clutch purse has now become my full-time wallet, and my stroller-strap-turned-luggage-loop is working brilliantly.  It's even served as an overnight bag on many occasionsI have noticed very slight color fading on the edge of the handles, but it only adds to the "denim" look of the ocean blue color.  I was worried the heavy weight I carry everyday would put strain on the strap attachments, but so far, I've noticed nothing.The zippers are holding up great.  I have not had the sticking problem other users are experiencing.  I think I've only ever caught the lining once in the zipper, but it came away cleanly.The lining stitching has started to come apart in one (very small) section, but honestly, with the weight I carry in this bag (I once logged a noteworthy 15lbs!), I'm really impressed it's lasted this long.  (And I was able to repair it in 10 minutes, anyway (with the bulk of the time spent emptying and refilling it!).  It shows no signs of giving up any time soon.  I'm sure this could easily last me another year.I'm upgrading this to 5-stars.  Even with the small flaws I noted in my original review, there's not another handbag that can come close to this one (whether you have kids or not)===== Original Review =======No, I don't have any kids.  But I really do like this bag.  It holds my Surface Pro 3 PC, a bag o' cables and assorted tech junk, a letter-sized notebook, pencil case, sunglasses, reading glasses, clutch purse, and even a pair of heels (in the waterproof bag accessory!).  I've used one of the stroller straps across one set of handles to create a sort of loop that fits over the handle of my rolling luggage, and the other to extend the keystrap.  I spent another $5 on Amazon to buy some screw-mount purse feet, and cut a few pieces of cardboard for the bottom of the inside, to help keep its shape.  The faux leather is very pliable, and as such, it doesn't keep its shape, and tends to flop over, making the interior very hard to keep neat, but this isn't a deal-breaker for me.  The zippers are easy to access one-handed, and the long crossbody strap is perfect for when I'm spending the day shopping.  I do lug a heavy bag around, so I'm concerned about longevity, but so far, so good.  I love the color - it's kind of a dark denim color, and looks great with both casual and work outfits.  Fits perfectly under an airplane seat.What would I change about this bag?  Slightly stiffer material.  A rigid base.  Purse feet. Some form of closure for the interior pockets, so the contents don't spill out (or a stronger lining fabric).  And a cross body option for the clutch purse.