I struggled with which manual pump to purchase since both the Medela Harmony and Lansinoh pump have good reviews.  I have an Ameda Purely Yours double electric that I use when I need to pump both sides and when I am at work, but I needed a good manual pump to have around.  I first purchased the Lansinoh since it was less expensive.  I used it for about two weeks at which point the Medela went on sale, so I purchased that one, too.  I thought a comparison from someone who owns both may be helpful for those trying to decide which to buy.While the Lansinoh is a perfectly adequate pump, I prefer the Medela by far.  I use the manual pump during middle of the night feedings when I am particularly full and my son only eats from one side.  I pump the other side and freeze the milk to add to my freezer stash.  Both pumps are quiet and express about the same amount of milk.  However, the Medela is easier to use one-handed since the handle slopes down close to the flange and bottle.  It has a let-down feature that helps get your milk flowing; the Lansinoh pump doesn't have this.  It's more comfortable as the Lansinoh's suction can make me a bit sore afterwards.  The Medela's handle swivels 360 degrees which is VERY helpful if you're pumping one handed because you can hold the pump and bottle at different angles to get a comfortable position.  The Lansinoh handle is bigger and stationary, so you have to hold it in a particular position which makes using it while nursing on the other side cumbersome.The big area in which the Medela wins is cleaning - it's so much easier!  The Lansinoh has to be completely taken apart and washed after each use.  Otherwise, milk collects under the silicone diaphram on the top (the piece the handle attaches to).  I once tried to get away with not cleaning it since it didn't look like milk was collecting on it.  I smelled something funky, took it apart, and found congealed milk - gross!  So yes, it is collecting there even if you can't see it.  This diaphram also has several nooks and crannies that make cleaning and drying it annoying.  With the Medela, you do not have to take it completely apart each time - only the flange, valve, and valve cover.  You only have to clean the handle and diaphram if it looks visibly dirty.If you only use the pump occasionally, go with the Lansinoh.  If you use the pump more frequently - in my case, every night - then the Medela is the clear winner.  It's more comfortable, easier to use one handed, and cleans much more easily.  It has withstood nightly use for about two months now with no signs of wear and tear.  The Lansinoh is still a decent product and I keep it in my car just in case I need it while on the go, but the Medela is better for a minimal increase in cost.