As first time parents, we spent a lot of time researching every single product a parent might buy for their new baby. One of the toughest products for us to decide upon was the best mattress for our soon to be born baby boy. So many differing opinions on the necessary firmness, the best materials, foam vs spring, etc.We spent weeks struggling with this decision. After all, apart from maybe the choice of car seat, this is probably the second most important product category in terms of infant and toddler safety. I read through countless hundreds of reviews, spent time examining and measuring dozens of different mattresses in stores. But with so much conflicting information, it was still hard to make a decision.I really wanted to go with the Colgate Classica I, one of the more popular choices at the moment and one of the recommendations in the book Baby Bargains, an excellent guide for parents-to-be. However, there are lots of conflicting reviews as to whether the Classica is actually TOO firm. After testing it out in person, I happen to agree with this. The Classica is the firmest mattress I found anywhere by leaps and bounds, to the point where I felt sure that it would be uncomfortably hard.After giving up on that idea, I found this Moonlight Slumber Little Dreamer to be my next choice. I liked the idea of a company founded with the sole focus of creating the best possible crib mattress. Furthermore, it has the added benefits of being made of top quality, eco-friendly materials. No worries about chemicals or low grade materials, as this product is built and designed right here in the United States out of medical grade foam. We wanted foam over spring, as foam is significantly lighter in weight, which aids in those late night sheet changes.The dual sided densities are an excellent feature. To me, the firmest side feels like the absolute perfect level of firmness for a newborn/infant. Its very firm to the point where it feels certain to be safe, but with just the slightest bit of give to feel like it will still be somewhat comfortable. The slightly less firm side is still plenty firm, but with a little extra give for when your baby gets older.I also love the fact that the mattress is side stitched. This is a feature that never would have even crossed my mind when I first started looking. Instead of the standard construction where the seems of the mattress are bonded around the top edges of the mattress, the seams on the Little Dreamer are around the middle of the sides, one long continuous seam around the entire circumference, bonded together in a way where they are almost completely flat. This means if something spills on the cover, or if the baby has an accident, there are no crevices for anything to get trapped, and no space for mold to grow. The cover is also water resistant so nothing gets soaked into the mattress.Also, for anyone looking, we are using this mattress in the Babyletto Hudson crib, and it is a perfect snug fit. The corners are very square and it perfectly fits our crib, no unsafe gaps. We love the crib too, apart from one issue with a piece that was drilled incorrectly (replaced quickly by Amazon) it is absolutely wonderful. You can read my review about it on the product page.I realize there are many cheaper options out there, but this is one product where I feel justified in spending a little extra to get something as high quality as this mattress. Buy it and never look back, you won't regret it.