i started looking around for shopping cart/high chair covers as soon as my LO started sitting up well and decided to go with the balboa baby for the nice quality fabric and cute prints. i'll start with the pros...1. the fabric is a really nice quality thick, quilted fabric with really rich colors. the quilting provides a little cushioning as well. i think they found the right balance so it's thick enough to provide some padding but will fold up in a compact enough package.2. i love that it folds up into its own little pouch. it goes inside out so you keep the side that touches your baby away from the side that touches the gross carts. the pouch also has a little carry strap--really really useful when you're carrying a baby and a million other things. i clip the strap of the cart cover onto my diaper bag bc the pouch itself is a bit big to fit inside the diaper bag.3. it has 2 little toy loops so when your LO throws his favorite toy or teether, it won't fall on the dirty floor.4. let's not forget the real reason we all love this cover... the prints are really really cute. i got the stripes--it looks very henri bendel--but the floral prints are very pretty too. they also hide stains pretty well.the cons:1. the wide waist strap is nice but it's really annoying when taking your baby out of the high chair. even when i undid the velcro (which is a really nice quality velcro by the way), the whole cover came off along with my child bc the waist strap got stuck around his legs. my 6 month old can't sit in one spot for a whole meal so i'm constantly picking him up and putting him back in the high chair, so this was a little annoying.2. it's pricey for a shopping cart cover. but i haven't seen any covers that are much less expensive and fold up into its own pouch.it doesnt come with any instructions but it's easy to fold neatly into the pouch:1. flip it inside out so the side touching your baby is inside and fold the cover in half so the 2 elastic ends are aligned. make sure the cover is flat, with the pouch side away from you.2. fold the sides in, a little past the pouch edge. this is going to give you a little extra room to flip the pouch part over the cover.3. the cover should look tall and skinny now. start from the bottom and fold up into thirds (2 folds going up).4. flip inside out into the pouch and close with the velcro.