The balls are perfect size (about 3.5 - 4 "). The three balls have different textures, colors and sounds making them lots of fun and very educational for infants. I introduced each ball separately after the excitement over the previous ball wore off (1-2 weeks). Below more descriptions and ideas of what to do with each ball and how to get the max of them:SOFT BALLThe fabric ball has both soft fabric and crunchy thin plastic segments. My then 3.5 mo old LOVED exploring the different textures and sounds it makes.I was unhappy with the fact that you cannot wash it properly (it says not to immerse it in water, only wipe off with a cloth). So after it rolled into a dirty place I wiped it off with alcohol. The colors on the ball do not match the picture (e.g. it has a black segment with large white polka dots on it).***The ball does not roll very well ***. I removed the tag with washing instructions but it is till not perfectly round and although it rolls, it is really only good for a very young infant play.RATTLE BALLThe rattle plastic ball is the all favorite -- it is easy to grasp, makes sounds and is fun to roll. Again, it does not roll perfectly because its "equator" sticks a bit out and it has a flat base and top. But the flat base only makes the ball more stable when you put it down, which is a plus. At 4.5 months, my baby learned to push the ball a bit (not really roll it yet), but this ball is too tempting to grasp rather than to push/roll it given its "easy to grasp" features. Thus, I believe the third ball will really be used for rolling practicing. With this ball, the baby tries to stick her tongue into the ball through the bars but it appears to be safe. Another fun thing we did with the ball is to show the baby how you can spin it like a top. She loved watching it and it revived her interest in the ball after she got board with it.TEXTURED BLUE BALLI thought it is made of hard plastic but it is rubber like soft, lightweight, not fully inflated ball that makes is easy to roll but also to chew on and squeeze. The girl, 5 months when first introduced to the ball, was curious about the texture but only for a short while. It was the first ball she was able to really roll (we set at the dinner table, she in my lap, and her daddy across the table, and we rolled the ball to each other, she loved watching it!). At 5.5 she made first real successful attempts to roll the ball herself.Overall, I found that after a week or two with playing with one ball you can re-introduce a ball she played with earlier and she loves it again. So we played with two of the three balls for 1.5 months and only then introduced the third ball.In my opinion, it is A LOT of value in a $10 toy -- grabbing, exploring texture and sounds, following motion with gaze and rolling. Fun activity for a baby-parents/sibling interaction or to entertain the baby on his/her own for a bit.