I purchased this bouncer after doing a bunch of review reading on bouncers.  I saw one that said this has the toys at the perfect height for kids so I was sold and ordered it the day before my son was born.We have definitely gotten our money's worth out of this thing.When my son was really little, we could swaddle him and put him in the seat without the toy bar.  We put on the seat vibration, and he was happy.  We decided that it was worth the money at that point even if we never used it for anything else.  Once we started putting the toy bar on, he LOVED the panda.  He would just stare at it.  As he learned to bat at toys, he loved the bouncer even more.  He would listen to the music, stare at the light on top, and swing at the toys.  Those early weeks when he wasn't as easy to keep happy made this thing the best purchase ever!  The music was soothing, and the vibration was great!  It is so quiet that sometimes we leave it on because we don't hear it when we take him out.Now my son is just over 4 months and just over 17 pounds.  Sure enough, this is still our "go to" place to put him.  As soon as he gets in the seat, he grabs the green ring with one hand and the ribbon that attaches it with the other.  Then he uses his hands to gently touch and hold the lion and the panda.  He still loves the colored light at the top.  It also must be comfortable, because I put him in the seat this morning while I was getting ready to leave, and he fell asleep in it!We even took him tailgating in the seat!  I am in Houston and at the first game of the season the heat index was 104.  We opened the back tailgate of our Explorer and set him in the bouncer with a fan blowing on him.  The seat is definitely cool enough to handle the heat here.  We are getting ready to take his first big trip, and this seat is on the must-have list for stuff we pack.As far as the toy bar being easy to pull off or a bad design, I must disagree.  It's a feature of the bouncer that is very useful for getting your baby in and out.  You pull the bar back and the posts unlock and you can lift it up and remove it.  My son pulls down on the green ring hard multiple times a day and it does not come crashing down on him.  I have noticed that sometimes he gets it to unlock by pulling the whole thing towards him, but to get the bar out, you have to then lift it up.  Even then I don't think he's had it fully unlocked.ADDED 9-27-10:  Of course, since I wrote this, he did get the bar pulled all of the way to him and got it to "unlock".  It didn't fall on him (just as I suspected) because he can't lift it out of the holes.  When he released his grip, it just fell back to where it belongs and was locked in again.Just remember that you need to supervise your children so you know what they are capable of and if they are able to put themselves in danger.