I recently purchased this bowl set, as well as the cups, for my 10 month old son since all my research has led me to believe that high quality silicone is a safer alternative to petroleum-based plastics. I say HIGH quality because I have found that too many companies use silicone that is chalk full of fillers in order to cut costs. Luckily, I can report that this doesn't appear to be the case with Kinderville. I have emailed back and forth with the company, spoke to other customers, as well as looked over the products, smelled them, tasted them, twisted them, and pinched them and as far as I can tell they appear to be consistently constructed of high quality, pure silicone.The bowls are nice and thick giving them a sturdy feel. They also grip the surface a bit which is an added bonus of the material as it is less likely to slide around on the table while your little one eats. My son is always very excited to use these bowls and I noticed that he doesn't throw them off his tray as much as others we have tried...I am not sure if that is because he likes them so much or because they don't make enough noise when they hit the ground.Because these bowls  are silicone they can withstand a wide variety of temperatures which make these bowls safe to sterilize as well as dishwasher safe and freezer safe. Silicone can sometimes absorb the odors and flavors of strong flavored foods as well as some detergents. If this should happen with your silicone kitchen products you can make a paste out of baking soda and water, spread it over the entire surface of the clean dish or utensil and then allow it to sit until the paste has dried before rinsing clean (I have found this to be effective for silicone in the past). It can also be prevented by not allowing anything to sit on the dishes for long periods of time. If you don't have time to wash them right away at least take a moment to rinse them out.Before purchasing I emailed back and forth with the company for a while, as I often do before making a purchasing decision. They were very prompt in returning my emails as well as open to answering all my questions. I have been very impressed by their openness and friendly customer service.I highly recommend these bowls as well as other Kinderville products. I hope that my review is helpful to you.