I am using this gate to keep my dog contained in the kitchen. It did take awhile to set up, as they did not tell you how to take the plastic foot pieces off the end pieces (they are on there only if you plan to use the extenders, which I did not). Just FYI - if you aren't using the extra extenders, TWIST the plastic foot pieces off - the entire piece is one section and simply turn it to unscrew. It took me a few minutes to figure that out because I didn't want to break them in case I needed them down the road.Also note that the gate is NOT WHITE! It is more of a cream color. So if you are looking for a gate that is white to match your decor, look elsewhere. But it didn't bother me, as the cream color looks fine with the color scheme in my home.Because I am using this as a dog gate instead of a baby gate, and it's in a high-traffic area, my brother took a small screw and wedged open the little thumb lock on the door. Otherwise, you would have to use your thumb to slide back the lock AND lift the gate up and push to open the gate. With the screw screwed in the thumb lock to keep it unlocked, all I have to do now is lift the gate and push with one hand. I'm mentioning this so that anyone intending to use this for a child, if you're holding the child, opening the gate could be quite the process because it would take two hands to do. Since I don't have to worry about a child figuring out how to lift and push the gate, I had it wedged to make it easier for myself and my 9 year old son to quickly and easily be able to open the gate.Note also that this gate is NOT pressure mounted and has to be screwed into the wall. I didn't mind that, but some people (especially those who are renters) might.Overall, this is a beautiful and sturdy metal cream-colored gate perfect for entryways with a 44"+ opening. Easy to use (with a slight modification). I will note that several people who have come into my home have tripped on the bottom rail while going through the gate, however I never have that problem. But I think most gates have that bottom rail (that's how the door stays closed!) so I didn't drop any points because of that - people just need to learn to pick up their feet when they walk! :PMy reason for 4 stars instead of 5: Lost points for wrong color in the description (NOT a pure white!) and because if I didn't modify the thumb release, it would take two hands to open the gate. Wedging the thumb release is not something I would recommend if you plan to use this as a baby gate, but for a puppy, no problem.