These Blueberry Training Pants are very well-made and comfortable.  My 2 year-old daughter likes wearing them, the plush cotton velour lining feels good against her skin, and the leg openings fit snugly against her thighs without being too tight.  (The material of the piping is soft so it doesn't dig into my little-ones thighs or waist).  In all, these underpants can be a decent potty training aid, if you're aware of their limitations.  Most importantly, these Blueberry Training Pants are NOT TOTALLY WATERPROOF!  (The product description from the manufacturer is very clear about this).  They contain a hidden polyester panel, which is water-resistant, but not waterproof.  So they will temporarily contain a small accident, and prevent a cascade of urine from running down your child's legs if they're standing up.  However, after a couple of minutes, the fluid will leak through the underpants and onto your child's clothing or whatever they happen to be sitting on.Therefore, Blueberry Training Pants are best suited to a child who is almost fully potty trained, and who only has occasional, small accidents.  However Blueberry Training Pants would probably not be a good fit for your child: (1) if your little-one has just started potty training (and still has frequent accidents or is a heavy wetter); (2) you're taking a long trip or are someplace where frequent bathroom access isn't possible; (3) if you're looking for leak-proof underwear for daytime naps or nighttime sleep.  If you need to prevent moisture from seeping through these training pants, I've found that a good work-around is to pair them with a waterproof diaper cover or shell.  We like the Waterproof Pull On Pants Potty Scotty/PottyPatty, Large.  They're made of waterproof nylon (rather than toxic PVC/vinyl), and they're very thin, so they add waterproofing to any training pants without adding bulk.  If you're looking for a one-stop potty training solution that's completely waterproof (without having to buy 2 separate products), then I would recommend Super Undies Pull-On Potty Training Pant (Medium, The Cupcake Queen), Best Bottom Potty Training Kit (XL/5T, Coconut), or Mumtaz Soakers Nighttime Fully Waterproof Training Pants (available on E T S Y).The main reason I deducted one star from my rating was not because Blueberry training pants aren't completely waterproof, but because they're expensive for non-leak-proof underpants.  They're only a couple of dollars cheaper than Super Undies and Best Bottom training undies, without the benefits of being fully waterproof.  Other than the fact that they're somewhat pricey, I would definitely recommend Blueberry Training Pants for parents who need only partially waterproof underwear for the occasional, small leak.Grade: B+