This has been a good investment for our 4 mo old son (13lbs). Our son was born 2 mo preemie and he hates his crib (we believe bc he is still pretty small and he doesn't like all of the room). We replaced another sleeping device w the zen as he outgrew the other one.  The purpose of the purchase was for sleeping and after reading reviews we went w the zen. Below are our lists of pros and cons:Pros:1.  Fabric is great quality and plush. Comfy against baby's skin.2.  Design fits well into interior design. Product does not look cheap or "cartoony" like other baby products.3.  Vibe function helps calm baby and all three vibe settings are not noisy.4.  Plenty of room for baby to stretch, kick, etc.5. Three recline positions for variety.6.  Music/nature sounds are not obnoxious like other baby products.7.  Our son has reflux so even the flattest position keeps him in a slight upright position.8.  Plenty of head room for moving about....we don't have fears of soft spots in baby's head like we did w the rock n play.Cons:1.  While music is not obnoxious, it's really very quiet even on highest volume. Fortunately, our baby could care less about the music but if your little one likes/needs sound, I would invest in a different music system.2.  There is a timer on vibrating function. Wish I had option to adjust but baby typically falls asleep during the 10 min or so that it's on.3.  The mobile doesn't do anything (not a problem for us since baby just likes to look) but if you're looking for interaction, this is not it.4.  The arm that holds the mobile is shoddy and comes out easily. Seems a huge design flaw in my opinion. I have to take arm off everytime we move the seat so it doesn't whack baby.5.  Seat is definitely roomy, but a little awkward carrying from room to room w baby in it.  It just barely makes it through standard doorways.6.  If you're looking for this to be a virtually flat device for sleeping, this is NOT for you.  We were hoping for a little bit flatter, but it works nonetheless, especially for reflux.  Baby can sometimes lean head to far forward, but a little adjusting helps against it.7. Batteries get sucked up quickly.8. Not a bouncy chair (but we were not looking for that option like others).All in all, we would purchase this chair again for our purposes.