I have a new Baby Jogger City Select stroller and needed an organizer.  I looked online and couldn't decide so I bought this Britax stroller organizer and the competing Pure Bliss stroller organizer at the same time.  They are 95% identical, but after comparing I kept the Britax and sent the Pure Bliss one back.  Here’s why:- material and sewing on Britax is a bit better.  There were some sloppyish, crooked stitches on the Pure Bliss model.- Britax has a metal bar around the top that helps hold the shape of the organizer.  This makes a big difference in keeping the magnetic “snap” closed.  On the Pure Bliss model, the magnets don’t hold because there is no support or structure to the bag to help it do so.- other features were all very close to the same – the size, the pockets, the insulation, the Velcro straps.  One of the differences was a microfiber lining on the center outer pocket on the Pure Bliss.  One reviewer mentioned being able to use that for sunglasses but I can’t in any way imagine fitting sunglasses in there.  Half of my phone barely fits in there!The other difference was the size of the insulated cup holders.  The Britax has ½” larger diameter cup holders.  This is nice if you have a larger water bottle or even a fountain drink, yet still works well with a standard baby bottle.  My 3" diameter thermos (pictured) fits easily in the hole with no struggle to get it in or out.I’ve attached a few photos for reference.  In the first one, the PureBliss is closer and the Britax behind.  Note the sharper shape of the Britax, especially in the center flap on top.  In the second photo, you can see a standard sized rubber ducky in the pocket.  It fits exactly the same in both models – the pocket is shockingly roomy and slightly padded.  In the third photo, the cup holders are visible.  Pure Bliss has white cup holders (smaller) and the Britax has black ones (larger).  The fourth photo shows how this organizer looks once installed.They both work on my stroller with the handle extended, but prevent reclining without doing some finagling.  I have to pull the organizer back a smidge to allow the seatback to keep reclining.  No biggie - I've gotten used to it.  Overall, I'm happy with this style of organizer though.  The outer pocket holds my phone securely, the keys go in the snap pocket, drinks in the cup holder, and off we go!In the world of baby gear, there is way too much to choose from.  I hope this helps you make an informed decision!