Update: Almost 6 years later and this bag is still in daily use! I did have to replace one screen that tore from the zipper at its edge. (Sewing a cotton fabric panel in was a bit tricky but definitely doable for a beginner-to-intermediate sewer.) No zippers have broken, no other seams split, and the blue fabric itself is in great condition. My kids have a great time dumping the toys all over and sealing themselves inside (to my dismay). I occasionally find my now-seven year old asleep on it. This was a pricey item at the time, but it's absolutely worth the cost! I see that they only sell the smaller version now, which is probably a lot easier to carry around.We got this last month and it's awesome. I wasn't sure which size/model to get, but this one is perfect for us so far. We have a one-year-old son and all of his many stuffed toys (our childhood toys included) fit with lots of room to spare. Like many things he took some time to get used to it, but now he lays on it all the time. So far it seems very well-made and durable. I thought the screens might tear or wear easily, but they seem very thick. I haven't seen any snags yet and this thing gets dragged all over. We've had a few minor spills from bottles and they didn't even soak through the screens. It's somewhat heavy (even half or less filled as we have it), but I don't have a problem moving it between rooms. And this thing is so comfortable!!! I love laying on it myself! I'm 5'2" and I can lay on it with my feet on the floor. I can fit my son with me when we read books together.The best part of course is the storage! Our house is sooooooo much cleaner now. This is a perfect solution to store all of his stuffed toys, especially the ones he can't have yet due to buttons, strings, and the like. When he's older my son will have no problem digging toys out as the zippers are definitely child-friendly. For now it's a great way to store toys and let him forget about them. Once in a while I'll take a toy out and it's like a new present. Works like a charm when he's having trouble going to sleep!Of the millions of toys and baby/kid items we have, this is in the top three. I'm really impressed with the quality construction and materials, not something you find too often these days. This is definitely worth the price! Tip--I ordered this and a sippy cup together to total $75 from the Amazon Baby department, which earned 3 additional months on my Amazon Mom Prime trial.