I purchased this pack-n-play after doing a a lot of research and wanted to get good "bang" for the bucks.  Overall it is solid. It feels sturdy and the wheels on one end make it easy to move around. It will be a great help as we travel and baby grows.  You will still probably want to get a mattress as the "mattress" that consists of the four folding panels is thicker than I expected but still seems like it could be uncomfortable.  If you think of a pad the folds rather than the way a yoga pad rolls up, you can get the idea of how it packs up. (Note: a 1-inch thick matress for babies is recommended by health/safety profesisonals, anything thicker can be hazardous.)Here are some things to keep in mind.  If you are looking to use it as the play yard or without the bassinet and other features, it will be faster to assemble and break down and it's good value for the money.  If you are looking to use it more like your primary crib for your first couple months think carefully about what you want and need.  Whenever you break down the crib to move to another room you need to pull off the changing table.  If you are packing it up for longer distance transport you need to completely take the table apart, as well as the mobile and quite possibly some of the hardware on the bassinet.  It's not hard, but can take 10-15 minutes.  The bassinet feature requires a little time to slide in or out the metal poles that run along the sides and lock it in place, for example.Warning: The "handy storage case" does not have handles! It has one small awkward carry handle that must be grasped with you hand. You can't sling it over your shoulder. This is a horrible design oversight for a product that is suppose to be convenient and portable. As we will be doing some major traveling when our baby is still quite young, and I've read too many bad things about hotel cribs to depend on one, I'm not looking forward to bringing this to the airport unless I can figure out a way to sew or hot glue some handles onto the case; or maybe I can find an alternative case that will be easier to carry.The changing table and the little mobile together make for a lot of "stuff" in the way of getting the baby in and out.  We do not use the mobile.  Also, there is only adequate space to store stuff for changing, so we have supplies near by on a table. Ask yourself if you really need the changing table before deciding on a model that has one.If you're traveling or using this at a relative's house, this changing table feature would be great since you can guarantee a place to change your young baby that all fits together in one case.  However, for use at home, it may not be worth the money, especially if you plan to have more than one portable crib and will have a separate baby changing pad/station that could be secured on a table top or dresser.  Also, you could always change the baby on a bed using a changing pad if needed.  (If you're considering this model you've probably figured out that the sun-shader and extra infant holder that some newer models can be wastes of money. Good for you! Chances are you are going to put the crib in the shade, could drape a sheet over the top to create shade if needed when the baby uses it without the bassinet feature, or would close the curtains in the room. True, some newborns sleep better when in a smaller "crib" or bassinet, since it's cozier and more like the womb, but ask yourself if the extra money is worth it for those first weeks/ or month.  Maybe you can purchase a different kind of infant holder that would be just as effective, for less than the mark up on the cribs that include one.)DIMENSIONS -- CONSIDER THEM BEFORE MAKING A DECISION!:  This model has the same dimensions as some of the the newer models that claim to be better for posture and more "ergonomic,"  measuring a couple of inches higher than older ones. If you are really tall or your spouse is, you may have to bend a little less when changing the baby or lifting the baby. I'm 5'5" and it seems just right to me.  My husband is 6' 3" and has to bend over a litle but doesn't find it to be worthy of a complaint for the few minutes he stands at the table to change our little one.  Also, having to bend less is definitely nice if you have a sore back and shoulders or are just tired.The folding "mattress" measured about 26 inches across when I took a tape measure to it, and some others indicate they are 24 inches across.  I didn't think much about this until I started looking at portable crib sheets and mattress covers/pads, and an additional matresses for comfort.  Most sheets sold for portable cribs seem to indicate they are sized for cribs 24" wide. Hmmm....  I've found that 24"x 36ish" sizedd crib sheets can work, as long as they don't shrink a lot. It seems to fit okay and is good quality, and will probably do just fine with a 1-inch thick mattress, water-proof pad, etcetera. That's another thing.  The pack-in-play's mattress is not waterproof, but water resistant. So, you may want to invest in a waterproof cover.  Of course, Graco's sheets are made to fit but they didn't seem to get good reviews, so I was looking for alternatives.Another thing about the additional mattress: I found it tricky to find a mattress that would fit this crib's dimensions - whether using just the crib or the bassinet.  Of course, Graco indicates you should only use the mattress pad that came with the crib, but it doesn't like a good deal for a baby's back.  Crib mattresses should always fit snugly with no gaps, no less than 1/2 inch gap.  Well, finally I found the Summer Play Yard Pad for around $20, and only 1 inch thick. Most were shorter or smaller, thicker, or super expensive.  It fits well, quite snug actually. It also has a hard plasticky reinforcement "board" in it that can help ensure baby's posture develops well and back stays straight, and it has a waterproof covering...MAIN DISAPPOINTMENTS:  Because of the folds of the mattress and the bassinet design, it just doesn't seem like using it alone will be okay for a baby's back, at least not long-term.  The bassinet and mattress pad could be sewn and designed so that it's sturdier or more solid.Second, as mentioned earlier, it doesn't seem like an ideal travel crib for weight and ease of carry... Good, since it's solid, but not easy for a person to carry and accessories (changing station, mobile, music maker) that might get left home.We like this pack-n-play overall and think it's good value.  The play yard and crib itself seems great. - I'm definitely glad I didn't invest in a more expensive, fancier model that could have similar shortcomings (although one would hope not).  We plan to keep it since it appears the bassinet's and mattresses weaknesses are not unique to this particular model and could be improved with some creativity -  and sending it back to possibly order another one with similar problems seems like way too much work.  Graco could definitely make some improvements to the the product.  If it is easy to check out models in a store first, or purchase accessories such as sheets or pads at a store so you can return them easily if needed, I recommend doing so.ONE BIG UNEXPECTED PRO:  Recently, my husband and I started to research lighter weight and more travel-friendly portable cribs since this one is so heavy and is currently serving as our main crib.  There are a few out there that are incredibly light and receive fantastic reviews, but are very expensive (i.g. Bjorn, Guava).  However, I noticed that the bottom of these cribs seem to rest on the floor. It seems that the only thing separating your child from the floor is a mat and the mattress - one or two inches tops.  Now, as someone who has allergies and asthma, I would never want to sleep so close to the floor - especial in the homes of some relatives and friends, and definitely in many hotels.  Animal dander, dust, dust mites, dirt, and who knows what else would be very close to me.  (Why would I put my baby so close to these potential irritants or hazards? Also, the floor could be cold, thus requiring a blanket to go underneath the crib.  With the Graco, even when mattress is at the bottom of the crib your child is still several inches off the floor.  So, the Graco is a heap of weight, and that is a major travel pain, but at least I know my baby is a little more protected, and I don't have to worry about whether we could place the portable crib on a separate bed, for example, to keep her off the floor.