When I first received this monitor it seemed simple enough and I didn't bother to read the instructions. After messing around with it (and finally pulling out the manual) I absolutely love it!FOR ALL OF THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS: Please simply read the instructions. It took me some frustration to get it set up, but once I figured it out, it is fine. The complaints about it saying 'no signal' and turning off after a few hours are the VOX setting. Please read below.Perks:Infra-red technology that gives crisp black and white images at night. The receiver automatically switches to color if given enough light.It has an optional VOX setting - Which to me is important. I want the video to be streaming as long as I have it turned on. The VOX is nice if you are trying to save battery and would like it to automatically power down. But realistically most people are going to use this next to their bed, and odds are, it will be plugged in. Having the option to turn the VOX setting off is a huge perk. Not all monitors offer that.Make sure you plug the cord into the correct inlet on the receiver. 'Mommy brain' was rampant those first few days and I didn't notice that I had plugged the power cord into the AV Out port. Needless to say the monitor worked horribly with scratching sounds and the picture turning black and white during the day time (It should have been in color at the time). I felt extremely unintelligent when I realized the error. Of course that was after I had gotten frustrated at the machine for not working properly lol.There is also a small hole on the bottom of the transmitter. Which turned out to be the best design decision. There's no flat surfaces next to our crib so there was no where to set the transmitter. With the hole in the bottom of it I was able to simply put a small framing nail in the wall and hang the transmitter. The lens has great rotation capability so I was able to simple rotate it so that it is looking down into the crib.Our residence is small so I have not used the receiver unplugged and carried it with me. I can not give a review as to battery life. However, after two months I am very happy with it!EDIT:6 Months later - I still absolutely love it. A tip, when using at night I found that using a nightlight in the nursery helps to provide a very clear picture using the night vision.EDIT:1.5 years later - Yup. It is still going strong. By now it has served it's purpose but still used for piece of mind. Our toddler has broken the clip off of the back of the receiver. He has also broken the plastic over off of the antenna on the transmitter, and it still works. I have found that on occasion the it will cease to transmit sound. But it is easily fixed by simply turning the transmitter off and on. Just resetting it essentially.2 thumbs up