First off, I love that its solid [read: heavy duty] white plastic with simple black trim. My first is a 2 1/2 girl and we are expecting a boy in August so I will not have to go out and buy another potty (my mother-in-law will probably have to replace her Disney Princess one though). May appear boring to some who want to make potty training fun for their little ones but I personally like the neutrality and the fact that it blends so effortlessly into our mostly white bathroom. And my daughter seems to like it regardless.Secondly, I like that the insert is easily removed for emptying, can fit in the dishwasher for easy cleaning/sanitizing and has a bit of a lip to it for little boys when sitting. I only wish the potty itself didn't have a lip around the bottom because it collects dirt/dust/etc... and that has to be wiped regularly but its not a big deal since the potty is small.Its sturdy, comfortable, looks a lot like a 'grown up' potty which has been a help for us in training our daughter. Some other potty's have a fold down lid so the potty can be used as a step-stool and that seems like a neat feature that the Bjorn does not have, but I just bought the matching Bjorn step-stool and it works very well. Might actually be better to have them separate- we transition from potty to the sink to wash our hands without having to move anything. Plus the Bjorn step has very good rubber tread on it and a wide enough surface that I have no anxiety about my kids slipping.I also bought the travel potty seat to place on a regular toilet and although we haven't used it as much, I have the same compliments. Bought all three a year ago before we started potty training and although we're still not seriously committed, our family really likes these products and they are working well for us. I highly recommend them!Amazon delivered all three quickly and with no damage to any of the products either. Price wasn't bad for what I expected of the Bjorn brand- only recently saw the same potty selling at Sears for $16 on clearance.