I purchased the Be All in the Lotus Lullaby print. I got a great deal through Amazon-- much cheaper than anywhere else...but I watched and waited for a while until the price was lower.  Still, it was not cheap!  These bags are hard to find in stores, so I did extensive online research reading reviews and watching videos from whatever sites I could find!  Here's my two cents...1. I LOVE the lotus lullaby print! I am very picky about my accessories and looked at a million different diaper bag designs and fabrics. I wanted something that wouldn't overpower whatever outfit I wear, but would still be striking and cute.  I was worried that the silver lining would look cheap, but it's really quite nice.  The material looks expensive and well made.  I haven't washed it yet, so I hope it holds up in the long run.2. The Be All bag... I had really been wanting the BFF, but I got this one instead.  Mostly due to the great price I got.  I like the overall sleek look of the Be All vs. The BFF's visible zippers and pockets on the front.  However, the mommy pocket in the front flap is a bit odd-- the flap sticks out, and the weight is front-heavy once you get your wallet in there.  I do love the strong magnetic closure, and I think it's easier to get into a flap with one hand than struggling with a zipper.  (when does a mommy ever have TWO free hands?!)3. What it holds... It is not going to hold a massive amount of things or even a plush blanket without pushing it to it's limits.  It WILL hold your essentials and some extras.  The bottle pockets on each side are perfect for my Avent bottles with a little room to spare.  Also, I love the key holder. I'll never Dig for my keys again!  :)4.  Changing pad & crumb drains... The changing pad is very nice. However, I'm still trying to figure out why the crumb drains (open corners in the bottom seam of the bag) are in the changing pad section.  It's not the pocket where you'll be keeping snacks.  Maybe I'm missing something...but it doesn't make sense to me.5. Messenger style... I really wish the strap was LONGER! I am 5'8" and am average/slim.  I makes a great shoulder bag--nice wide, comfortable strap that doesn't slip! Love that!  BUT... it seems too short when in wear it cross-body. I almost returned it because of it.  On the ju ju be site, I read about updates they made to the bags, making the strap longer on the Be All. In myopinion, it's still lacking.  Just FYI, the straps are not removable.  Also-- there are metal loops on each side if you want to attach itto your stroller or attach a paci pod.  I haven't used stroller straps yet, but that bit of information was hard to find online.Long review...but those are the things I wish I knew when I was searching for information. Oh, also-- the yellowish color in the bag is really more of a muted olive green.  Beautiful bag! I'm excited to have it!  :-). Hope this review helps!