Our living space is fairly open and I wanted to keep my baby in the living room (a room I consider baby proof) while still being able to keep an eye on him from other rooms.  I ordered this one based on the price, easy of use, and ability to work in wider door frames.  This does the trick.Cons:(1) Installation wasn't too bad but I stripped one of the screws and another one entirely broke off.  I'm not a novice to power tools so I won't blame user error as much as weak screws.  I would probably go get your own for an extra buck or two at your local hardware store.  With that said, the gate has remained in place without any issues with the screws provided.(2) sometimes the squeezing mechanism on the handle is hard to do with one hand.  I'm used to it now but sometimes it takes new visitors and myself a few seconds to squeeze it just right.  The majority of the time I find it easier to just walk over the gate instead of opening and closing it.(3) they say that this is not recommended for stairs.  It works great as a room gate, but it's too flexible to put in front of the stairs.(4) this is a more permanent gate.  It's not something that you'd want to remove and reinstall somewhere else in your house.Pros:(1) my baby constantly pulls himself up using the gate and stands and shakes this gate pretty vigorously.  It has withstood any baby attacks this far.  We've had it for several months already.(2) works well for wider doorways(3) you can either swing it forward/backward to open or you can collapse it.UPDATE:  I now have a toddler who is 15 months old that has been walking since 10 months.  This gate has still held up to the daily activities of my toddler.  He still violently shakes the gate multiple times a day, but the gate is still standing without any issues.  He understands how the gate works (pinch the grey squares on either side of the handle), but he's not strong enough to open it yet.A couple people have asked about stability/wobbliness when the gate is fully extended.  I added another picture to show how far it moves from side to side.  I put a clothespin in the middle of where the gate usually lies.  You can see how much it moves (about 2 inches one way) when I push on the gate in either direction.  Hopefully this helps.  As long as you're not using this to guard the stairs (which the product instructions advise against anyway), the wobbliness hasn't been an issue for us.