This is a very comfortable and cute little seat. The cushioning is very soft, yet the surface is wipable. Our toilet is a non-standard shape (long and narrow), but the seat still fits. There's a small gap either at the back or at the front, depending on how you position the seat, but my 2-year-old is very entertained by the gap and keeps pushing the seat back so the gap is in the front where she can see it, and because of the gap's curved shape, she calls it the toilet's smiling mouth :-) She loves her new little seat, especially the fact that it has ducks on it! The splash guard doesn't hurt or get in the way at all. The colors of the seat we got are slightly different than what's pictured in the product image - the ducks are yellow instead of orange, and the ring is white instead of blue. I like the colors we got better.There's only one thing I don't like about this seat. While the ring is convenient for hanging the seat, it gets in the way when positioning the seat on the toilet. It sticks up from the bottom rim of the seat, so the back of the seat where the ring is doesn't sit flat on the toilet, making the seat wobbly and unstable. The ring pushes the back of the seat up. We have 4 toilets in our house, all of different sizes and shapes (old house) - I tried it on all of them and while the seat does generally fit, the ring gets in the way in all configurations. What I found works is if you tuck the ring in, into the toilet bowl, instead of leaving it on top of the toilet seat. That way the potty seat fits perfectly without wobbling, BUT the ring touches the underside of the toilet rim, which, let's be honest, is disgusting no matter how often and how well you clean your toilet! EEEwwwww!!!!! The ring needs to be redesigned somehow to not interfere with the placement of the seat. Or just get rid of it altogether - it's not actually necessary. You can hang the potty seat by itself if you have a bigger hook than the one provided (like a big towel hook or peg hook from the hardware store). I might actually see if I can cut or break the ring off and hang the seat by itself on a bigger hook.