Like anyone who buys a double stroller, I got this to accommodate my growing family. The thing I'm afraid of with double strollers is maneuverability and the ability to fit into a trunk of a vehicle. We're used to a single stroller, and sometimes when I'm shopping with my wife (and pushing the single stroller) it's hard enough to weave in and out of crowds and maneuver through tightly packed stores. Not to mention being able to get it into the car to begin with as well as fit the groceries in as well without smashing the bread and eggs.But to my surprise, this stroller is very easy to maneuver. We had a Joovy Caboose sit and stand stroller because it was smaller and lighter. We got rid of because my daughter fell off of it and I stepped on her (not something I'd like to experience again), and we decided that sit and stand was not right for us. We weren't looking forward to getting a stroller that had 2 actual seats since they are always bigger, bulkier, and heavier. But to our surprise this stroller is actually easier to maneuver than the shorter, lighter Joovy sit and stand stroller. It really actually feels lighter when you're pushing it around (though heavier when you are loading and unloading into your car). And though it is bigger, when folded up it really doesn't take up too incredibly much more room so as to be a deal breaker. I don't like the fact that I can't just fold-n-go (you have to take one of the seats off, fold up the stroller, and then tuck it into the back and strap it in), but hey, what do you expect for such a large item that is trying to be as compact as possible?I just feel like they thought of everything with this, to the removable security bars, plasticy foot rests (for easy cleaning with dirty shoes), larger over-head covers (that almost completely cover up my 2.5 year old from wind and rain), multiple sitting positions, stadium seating, lots of storage, and small handles (on ours, not sure if they are on all of them. I don't see them on the picture of this Amazon add) attached to the handle bars on the sides so an older child can hold on if walking through a parking lot. Completely satisfied. If you want comfort for your kids as well as a good amount of storage as well as durability and options, you're going to need something a bit bigger. This one is big, but it's everything you could want in a stroller besides a built in coffee maker. And for that I am satisfied.