I am very pleased with the Philips AVENT SCD530.  It has fantastic range and very clear sound.  The thermometer and hygrometer functions are accurate and useful.If you're looking at this monitor, you might also be looking at the SCD525.  My advice is to avoid that model.  I had two of them (one from Amazon, and a replacement from Philips) and they both had relatively poor sound quality (for an expensive digital monitor, at least) and the lullaby feature played for a not-long-enough 3 or 4 minutes before shutting off.  I also have an SCD520 and that one has been great, but it's hard to find these days (the SCD525 is its replacement).  The SCD520 is still going strong but I needed a second monitor for our second child.  Incidentally, we have no issues with interference even though we have two DECT monitors (same frequency) in close proximity.  Very impressive.My only minor complaint about the SCD530 is that, unlike the SCD520, it has a proprietary Li-ion battery.  The SCD520 had a "battery pack" which was just two AAA Ni-MH batteries in a plastic holder.  When the battery gets weak you can just replace the batteries with any AAA Ni-MH batteries.  Extremely consumer-friendly.  [EDIT: when I actually went to replace the batteries in my SCD520 I found that it was not as straightforward as I expected.  I still think it would be possible to do but since I think breaking the battery holder would be a real possibility (and would leave us without a monitor for a while until we could get a replacement battery) I decided to just order a new battery pack.] The SCD530's parent unit is tiny, and I would have been happy for them to make it a little bigger if necessary to use less-expensive and user-replaceable Ni-MH batteries.  Imagine how long the battery could last if it used AA rather than AAA cells!I noticed another review that stated that the baby unit has no battery backup.  This is not true.  You can put 4 AA batteries in the baby unit and it will operate for a long time without A/C power.Bottom line: this is a great product, but avoid the SCD525.