I haven't yet offered this to my baby, but I can't explain enough how impressed I am with the packaging and design. This bottle is beautiful and the packaging is completely competent and informative. These glass Simba bottles would be a very nice shower gift for parents who don't want to use plastic or bottles with questionable additives. I love this bottle, if my baby wasn't heading towards sippy cups I would definitely offer more of these if they work well. I think Simba should make silicone sleeves for these, I would most definitely purchase one! Also, I hope they consider making glass sippy cups. I would buy a few of those as well. Will update review after use. I'm overall impressed with packaging and design. It is very attractive, light weight and reasonably priced.UPDATE: Oh my gosh. I LOVE this bottle because my baby LOVES it. He had been using Avent (natural shape) brand since a month after he was born. They've been working OK but I noticed he never latched onto them perfectly. His lips never flanged with Avent without some help and he always leaked out of the corners of his mouth. He is suckling away with no struggles, the anti-colic system is beautifully engineered. I wish I had tried this bottle a LOT sooner, I would have purchased the 3pack of 6 oz bottles. He will be 6 months very soon, so I need to browse around for a good sippy glass cup, with silicone sleeve. Hint hint Simba : )Since it is glass I will update for durability. I'll always love this bottle though. Hopefully Simba will create a silicone sleeve.Update 4/14 woohoo! It just survived its first slip and ding in the sink. Scared me, but it's just fine. : )Update 4/18 the nipple collapsed into itself while he drank and he got pretty upset. I had to unscrew the bottle to let the air in. I think, maybe the colic valve was plugged? Anyhow, it was just fine after I let the air in. A normal and common incident. No biggie.Oh! I meant to mention before how I may have purchased earlier had I seen customer photos showing the nipple and the overall bottle. That is why I shared photos, hopefully it will help others to make a decision. I urge others to post pics of their Simba bottle as well to help people like me. Lol