I love this make and model of high chair!! I bought my first one in 2012 for my first daughter. My husband and I did a lot of research before purchasing, and this one seemed very comparable to an expensive one we had our eye on, but that one was over $300!! After settling on this high chair, we were very happy we didn't splurge on the more expensive brand. This one turned out to be so perfect that we bought a second one for our next daughter in 2013, and most recently we bought this last one for my nephew a few weeks ago.We love this chair for many reasons. First, it is very easy to assemble. The legs pop right in, so it really couldn't be any easier. Secondly, it is very easy to clean. The material is cloth, but it has a shiny, slick texture that makes the food wipe off easily instead of soaking in to the fabric. When you do need to wash the whole thing, once you get the hang of the way the elastic loops attach to the underside, the reassembly is super easy. Just a heads up though...the cover attaches with tiny clips on the back, which is simple, but the bottom part uses tiny, tight elastic loops that need to be stretched to clasp onto little prongs on the underside of the chair. Small, nimble fingers work best, but I eventually realized that flipping the chair over and using a safety pin to help guide the loops was less frustrating in the long run!A third reason as to why we love the chair is because the table isn't overly complicated. There are two ways that it can be put on, and it slides to adjust to a tighter or looser fit. The back also reclines if necessary, but I never felt there was a need to have my child recline in it.Finally, although the chair does come with safety straps, I never used them. To me it just felt like more to clean and a bunch of unnecessary steps to add to meal preparation times. I never let my girls just sit in the seat if I wasn't sitting right there feeding them, so I never had any accidents or falls. The fit with the tray is snug enough to hold a younger child that doesn't yet have the urge to try to climb out, but once kids are more mobile I would either recommend using the straps or never walking away while they are in the seat. It's not easy to wriggle out of, but kids can get so creative when they are determined to do something!As for the convertible aspect of the chair, it wasn't really practical for us to use as a booster seat when the girls got even bigger. The seat was too big and awkward compared to some of the very nice streamlined boosters they have on the market; however, despite the lackluster convertible benefit, this item as a high chair is the best priced option for safe, attractive and hassle-free feedings for kids 6 months to 2 years of age.