I purchased this item in 2009 for my first baby, and now (2013) I just had a second one and we are continuing to use it.It's a great product. You can fold it and put it in your suitcase or your car when you travel. We took it with us to hotels and motels, because we didn't want our baby to take sink baths (it's gross, and how do you know if it was well cleaned). But we also used it at home on a daily basis, because it was easy to put away and it didn't take much space in our apartment.This tub is inflatable. That means you have to inflate it, before you can use it. But after that, you can just keep the air in and continue using it. I cannot even remember when we inflated ours last time. Probably in spring of 2010. And it still holds the air and provides the cushion we want.One great feature - one side can be lifted for a nice recline. This is great when you bathe a newborn. It makes it easier to hold their head. Later on, you can unbutton the reclining part, and your toddler will be able to sit comfortably in it.I have to say that it is very sturdy. It is so comfortable and provides so much room for water and toys that my first son used it comfortably until February 2013. At that point he was 3 years 4 months and his legs got too long. With the new baby, we are using it over the sink. Makes easier on my back, when I pick him up out of the water.The inflatable plastic didn't experience any cuts or punctures. Considering that we have been using it since 2009 and we moved twice since then, it's amazing that this item is still in one piece.Several reviewers mentioned that it would be unsafe to bathe a newborn in it. Here is some stuff that you have to keep in mind regardless of the kind of tub you are using: For newborns, bathing takes 5-7 minutes. After that, the water cools down, and it's no longer enjoyable for them. Pretty much, fill the tub about 3 inches with warm water. (Don't fill the tub completely. It's unsafe with any type of tub. Allegedly, even as an adult, you shouldn't be taking toasty baths with water over your heart.) A good temperature would be around 90-95 degrees. Check with your wrist. Continue pouring water over your newborn throughout the bath. Wet her head last, as it will cool down and stress the baby a little bit. Secondly, you must keep one arm under the baby's head. I recommend using your non-dominant arm for holding the newborn's head and using your dominant arm for washing. Third, keep the towel at arms length. You should not leave your baby and you should not let the newborn be in the tub without holding her with your arm. But more importantly, before you start, make sure that your tub is stable and wouldn't fall down or collapse. If you are there, holding your baby's head, this shouldn't even be a concern.Obviously, once your baby can sit up, these rules change.This is a great buy.