I really like this gate. We already have another Dream Baby gate for the the top of our other set of stairs so when I started looking for a second stair gate, I focused on their products. I was initially looking for a gate with a pet door so that my cats could move freely between the levels of our house. When I couldn't find one of those, I found this gate instead. The gate is very heavy and sturdy. It was also super easy to install. We mounted ours to the wall since we are using at the top of stairs. My husband had it up in about 20 minutes. We pressure mounted the gate first, then marked on the wall where the pressure cups were so that we knew exactly where to screw in the mounting cups. I would suggest mounting the cups into wall studs or using an anchor if studs aren't available to increase stability of the gate. Once installed, the gate is everything I was looking for. I love the extra lock on the top of the gate to add security. I also love that you can do a quick check at the top of the gate and look for the green dot to ensure that the gate is securely closed. Added bonus that you have the option to set the gate to only open in one direction. We also LOVE the "stay open" feature. Simply open the gate all the way up and it holds itself open. This was necessary for us since we couldn't find a safe gate with a pet door. Great option for us to leave the gate open when the baby is in bed or we aren't home. The only cons are that the gate opens and closes loudly and that it is a bit more difficult to open than I anticipated. I believe this is due to the magnetic (the sure-close feature) at the bottom of the gate. Overall very satisifed and feel that the gate is very secure. Would definitely recommend to a friend and would definitely purchase again.UPDATE: July 2014: It's been two years since we originally installed this gate and we still love it. Our now three year old stands on it and puts it through a lot of abuse like slamming it shut as hard as he can. The gate is still sturdy and mounted in its original spot with no slipping. It gets a lot of traffic everyday (probably opened/closed at least ten times a day) and still works perfectly. It's still loud but we can live with that because it meets all of our other needs. Would still recommend to a friend!