I bought this car seat and the (separately sold)rotating car seat base for my 25 pound 7 month old. I installed it myself into my 2006 Honda and am happy with my purchase. Any Element driver can attest that rear facing car seats are problematic for the back seat and so I searched high and low for a solution. This car seat (with the car seat base) is indeed the solution to the too far back rear seats and suicide doors of the Element. Originally I thought that the seat would pivot a full 360 degrees, or at least 180. But that is not actually the case within the Element. With the rotating base, the seat will pivot to rear facing and pivot to almost 180 degrees. The car seat actually hits the back of the Honda's seat and doesn't turn the full 180. It comes to a stop just at the opening to the door so that if you are standing at the opening of the rear door, the car seat will pivot and face you directly. This is PERFECT for loading baby, and honestly better than having the car seat face forward fully since that isn't wear you are standing to load or unload baby. For forward facing, when my infant reaches that milestone, I will simply remove the rotating base and use the car seat with the two stabilizer legs the seat came with.In addition to not rotating as much as I originally thought, the car seat is also sits extremely high. With the rotating base and the general tallness of this seat I can't actually see above it, out the rear window. I have the seat installed on the drivers side and there is a portion of my rear view mirror view taken up with the back side of the car seat. If you can work with this blind spot with your Element, (use your side mirrors) then you'll do just fine. I still recommend this product in spite of the decreased visibility. My baby actually likes riding so high. She looks out the back window and I noticed she does really well in the car now that she can see stuff and not be too bored.One amazing feature that I wonder why no one else has thought of yet is the magnet sewn into the car seat on either side for strap placement. After unbuckling my kiddo, I place the straps off to each side making sure the buckle sets onto the magnet spot, then when I go to use the chair again, the straps are off to the sides and out of the way and I can sit baby down in the chair without having to fish them out from underneath her. Genius.All in all, I am very happy with my purchase and would recommend this car seat to Honda Element drivers as the best solution to the rear seat  rear facing car seat issues but only if the rotating car seat base is also purchased.