I used the standard milk storage bags all through nursing my first child, and they were fine.  My biggest complaint was that the quantity frozen in the bag often didn't match the quantity I wanted in the bottle!  So, when I saw these trays they looked like a good solution to that issue.However, after ordering the trays, they sat in the box for a month because I was hesitant to mess with my old system for pumping/freezing.  Finally I took them out, washed them, and started to use them.  It took about a week for me to get into a groove with them, but now that I am, I can't believe I ever went without them!  They rock!Here's what I love:-milk freezes much faster-you can freeze milk at any time (no waiting to have the right quantity you want to make up a bag)-milk easily pops out of trays and into a regular freezer bag to store-these save $$!  Because you can use regular freezer bags, these cut your milk storage costs and will pay for themselves-you can easily get just the amount of milk you want for a bottle-they wash up quickly & easily between uses (hand wash only!)My tips/what I've learned:-It's true the cover doesn't fit snugly onto the tray, but it's not designed to.  Just be careful when placing the tray in the freezer and it's not an issue.  I put mine in our chest freezer and just created one nice, level spot in a basket to place the tray while it's freezing.  Not a big deal.-Don't overfill the trays.  There is a clear line in each compartment underneath the top.  Don't pour the milk in past that line.  This gives the milk a little room to expand as it freezes and you won't have the spillage/leaking issues as long as you keep the tray level.-I use gallon ziploc freezer bags to store the milk sticks.  I just write the month on the bag and then bag 1, bag 2, etc. as I fill them up.I highly recommend these.  Don't listen to the negative reviews.  Try them for yourself and see if they work for you.  Personally, I can't imagine these not making your pumping/milk storage life easier!