FIrst of all watch this ESSENTIAL video from YouTube on how these should be installed: [...]The video is extremely helpful - but not perfect. I figured out that I needed the following additional pieces of information:1. The video guy tells us to use 1/8 drill bit -- use this to pre drill the little screw holes. The package instruction doesn't include or suggest this but I think it's essential.2. If you look at the template it could not be more confusing -- I finally realized that the NUMBERS on the template attempt to show us the sequence of steps.  So, you'll see that the first step marked "PEEL OFF" is on the SAME SIDE as the instruction "DO NOT PEEL OFF" how clear is that!!  !!*&^!!  However if you very carefully fold the template you'll see there are two separate pieces and the TOP piece (marked one) can indeed be peeled off without losing the bottom piece (with numbers five and six).  The video guy breezes through this like it's obvious and doesn't show you him doing this.3.  The + sign shows the actual mark for screw holes.  MOST IMPORTANT - when I closely compared my actual template with the actual lock the + marker is off by a fraction - so you'd do well to pencil mark the template where the holes in the actual lock appear before you start drilling.  You'll see that number five appears in six places -- so my translation is when you get to step five, you need to prep drill FOUR holes, two marked + are actually optional depending on the best position in your cabinet4. The drill bit question -- others have emphasized how critical it is to use the right size drill bit for the main lock magnet. THe package says 9/32 or 7mm.  For some reason I have three full drill bit sets and the max size was 6.5mm so I used that successfully.  I highly recommend using the plastic sleeve over the drill bit and taping it down to avoid over drilling - as another reviewer mentioned you have to drill within 1/8th inch so that magnet works.  I had no problem because I was forewarned by that review. Drilling in confined spaces is a bit tricky too so do the installation at a time when you can work carefully and without interruption.Thanks to all of you who gave me confidence to try this -- if you work carefully it is pretty straightforward and I'm delighted with the end result.A