I just received the carrier and simply love it! I wish I had it from day one as it is very helpful in carrying baby at home. My son is 5 weeks old and Baby K'tan works great.Some pros:- very easy to use (I saw demos online while waiting for delivery and got the hug, cradle and kangaroo positions right away), I can use it much faster than buckle carriers,- the sizing is correct, right now I'm 5'6'' and around 145 lb, but my pre pregnancy size is between 6 and 8 (130-135 lb), and size Small is perfect. Although after washing and drying it shrunk and it was to small for me, it stretched out. next time I will air dry, because baby cried and it was squished. The sizing seems correct but I keep thinking if will fit when the baby will grow, but K'tan website ensures that will be ok, especially with different positions,- the material is very soft and keeps my 1 month old snuggle to me. Cradle position seems to cramp the baby but he doesn't mind, so far because of no neck control yet we both love the hug position. He is very curious and loves to see the world, and at the same time when falls asleep can be hold tight,- carrier feels very comfortable and truly hands free; it feels the most natural from all the carriers I've tried,- the sash is also a storage tote at the same time so it is easy to carry the whole thing in a diaper bag, matching hat is cute but doesn't fit my 5 weeks old yet even after washing and drying (size 0-3 months; but he will grow to it eventually),- I can do a lot stuff at home with my son next to me, he sleeps better and longer.The cons:- the description says it can be used on preemies but baby k'tan website and instruction booklet says to use from 8-42 lb (the box says 5-35 lb, so I don't know which one is right). Although I can see that would work with smaller babies for sure, especially kangaroo and cradle positions,- I can not properly position the baby for breastfeeding,- it really can hurt shoulders area so proper adjustment is a key.I've tried:-Infantino Wrap and Tie, and it is mediocre;-Beco Gemini way to big for newborn and seems a bit bulky for me (my husband and I ended up using this carrier max 5 times, takes too much time to readjust the straps, it is not easy to figure it out-it takes too much time and everybody is sweating in clothes before walk, very annoying; unsnapping is almost impossible to do it due to safety click, especially when holding the baby after unbuckling first straps), must air dry as recommended otherwise will pick up every lint from the drier, air dry takes some time too because it is thick carrier; expensive and so inconvenient,-Munchkin sling and definitely it is not for small babies, it's not stretchy and didn't feel right and safe,-and some old Snuggli my friend passed it to me, it worked for newborn and I used it till now, but it was killing my back due to the bad ergonomics of the buckle system).I highly recommend Baby K'tan and might get light color for the summer or mesh one (depends how hot it will be in black one). UPDATE: I ended up will only black carrier that was used during winter in Lake Tahoe and Las Vegas summer, worked great. During the winter I wore it under the jacket to keep baby warmer.UPDATE: my son at 11 months old, I lost some weight (128 lb now) and carrier still fits great, I don't use gemini one at all, K'tan rocks. I can take the baby in and out very fast. My son loves facing forward position to enjoy the views. Still both hands are free and I can walk my two dogs on the leashes, go to the store for some groceries and never get any back pain. Now when my son is over 20 lb it is also great work out. Highly recommended and never want to try other carriers with regulated belts ans hard to use snaps (like Gemini is pain to adjust for different positions, is akward and does not fit right, plus hard to unsnap).I bumped it to a 5 star review because it is truly the best carrier I've tried and I am very happy that I got it. Before I took 1 star because I couldn't figure out the breastfeeding position, but this actually doesn't matter.UPDATE 2: baby is getting heavier, 26 lb now but I still use baby K tan but not for super long walks, 20-30 minutes max. Awesome work out on the hills. My son is 15 months and he almost looks to big for it but it still works! Carrier looks great, still very black.UPDATE 3: soon after update#2 I realized that I don't use the carrier anymore. Baby got bigger, walks by itself and for longer distances I use umbrella stroller. But I am pregnant with second one and Ktan looks like new, waiting for being used from the very beginning!Final UPDATE: I bought new K'tan july 2013, and there are some improvements from mine 2010 version. I like new color heather grey. There's no matching baby hat (which didn't fit both of my kids anyway). The sash straps taper at the end so it's easier to tie a knot (old version was the same width for the entire length of the strap. Also the storage part in the sash is works better for me than last time and fabric seems a bit softer.I was using Baby Bjorn Miracle for first 6 months with my baby daughter and I came back to K'tan.