The "ABC flash cards for young scientists" (the name on the product!) aka "Nerdy Baby ABC Flashcards for Very Young Scientists" (the name at Amazon), by NerdyBaby.These are nice flashcards cards, although I have a few minor quibbles.The cards do not come in a box/case.  They arrive shrink-wrapped, and include a cloth bag (with drawstring) to store them in.The deck consists of 26 cards, one for each letter of the alphabet.  (There are an additional two cards with matching backs, one is the title card for the deck, and one is an ad for NerdyBaby.net (thankfully, they've now acquired nerdybaby.com).)The cards are similar in size to traditional flash cards, being about 840 by 560 tab cards.  Ok, that's nerdy...for those without a ruler that shows lengths in terms of quantity of tab cards (the punched cards used with computers), that's 152mm by 101mm (yeah, a silly millimeter longer), or for us Americans: 6" by 4".Each letter card has a large hand-drawn uppercase letter in the upper left of the card, a picture/diagram in the middle, and a one to three word  phrase at the bottom (with the key letter uppercase).The backs are uniform, allowing for games to be played where the card identity is unknown.The backs have a grey background, with a sprinkling of stars and about three "constellations" (all look vaguely like a centipede), along with six vaguely atomic diagrams labelled NerdyBaby.For magicians...The cards fan reasonably well (although a bit awkwardly due to their size).The backs are one-way.For nerds ... (the manufacturer's label ... I'd say "For the educated"  (or, given my comments, "For the nitpickers" :))The "B" card is incorrectly labelled "Binary code" instead of "Binary".The "D" card has a picture of a dog, but is labelled "Diurnal" (which appears to be a poor choice ... pet dogs are generally diurnal, but wild dogs are crepuscular).An opportunity was missed by having the "T" card be "Transverse wave" instead of "Transistor","U" be "Uvula" (instead of something else (perhaps "Uranus"?)).The "Y" card is "Y chromosome", but confusingly has a large "X" and a large "Y".But, let's leave the demesne of the nerd, and head back to reasonable-ville.I suspect that many teachers would enjoy having these cards ... even if it's only to show them to other teachers.BTW, my favorite is "E", for "Electromagnet" .. it looks like it would work!