We have twins. They are now 9 months old. We went back and forth between a couple of different monitor solutions and chose this product. We bought two camera's and two monitors. He have one camera over each of the twins bed (please use common sense and tack the power cord that hangs down from the camera so that the cord is no where near your babies reach). We have two monitors this allows each of us, my wife and I, to have a monitor while at different rooms in the house. We can each see both babies with one monitor by switching the A/B switch on the side. Set up was super easy. During the day, or with proper light in the nursery, the image on the screen is in full color. During the night the image on the monitor screen is in black & white.Problems? A little audio static. Video static is practically non-existant. It's the audio static that can catch you off guard. These units have audio so you can hear what's going on in the room; if your baby is crying or coughing, etc. It also has a indicator of green to red that shows audio strength, so if you are sleeping you can turn down the audio portion and see by the indicator if there is audio in the room (baby crying will shoot the indicator to red). Great idea but there seems to be a fair amount of static so we are never sure if there is a baby crying or static being show on the indicator. So we just turn up the volume and listen, an easy solution.One thing I want to address: some nit-wit, in a popular review, said that the "light on the camera kept her child up all night". Okay, I almost did NOT BUT THIS SYSTEM BECAUSE OF THIS STUPID COMMENT. I thought that there must have been a light projected for the night vision to work or some such thing. Turns out, on the camera there is a tiny green power light. I could see that that light MIGHT catch a child's interest, if so just put a tiny (1 inch by 1 inch) piece of duct-tape over the green power light. Problem solved.So far, after 9 months of continual "on" mode, both cameras and monitors are working great. For GREAT peace of mind, I feel comfortable recommending this product to new parents.