I really struggled with what monitor to buy. And honestly I was still looking after I got this because there were some things I wasn't thrilled about. But, with the recent price drop with this, I think the pros outweigh the cons and the purchase is worth it. I think it's hard to find the 'perfect' monitor especially after researching a ton of them and reading lots of reviews. So here are the pros and cons, in my opinion, (and a night vision pic).Pros:-Great picture day and night and a really nice size screen-Nice unit size and button placement, easy to use-Pan tilt zoom option is awesome-Split screen is a nice option to see two (up to four) kiddos.-Love the scan option, which scans between video AND audio of up to 4 rooms every 8 seconds or so.-Audio is good (goes loud but even lowest setting is good and not too loud in my opinion).-Visual of audio which displays green (quiet) to red (sound detected).-White noise isn't bad/too loud (we don't use sound machines, however I still don't think it'd be too loud).-Range is very good. We have about 1800 sq ft house and it works perfect in each room and in the basement, in the front yard all the way to the street, in the backyard past our fairly large in-ground pool.-Battery is good so far. Its brand new and lasts about 4-5 hours. This is amazing for me because we got none with our old monitor. We are charging at night and using through the day.Cons:-No beep notification for low battery. There is only the icon on the screen. This is problematic if you are busy and have it off the charge. You have to pay attention to ensure you have enough battery, otherwise it could die without you realizing.-No loss signal beep notification. Again there is only a notification on the screen. If you lose power or the camera somehow got disconnected, the parent unit doesn't beep to let you know. Again, this could be problematic, especially if you were sleeping and didn't know you lost power.-Auto video shut-off on parent unit to preserve battery.  When not plugged in, the parent unit video shuts off to preserve the battery. It doesn't turn back on when sound is detected. You have to hit the button on top of the unit to turn the video back on. It does stay on when the unit is plugged in. I thought this would be really annoying, but it hasn't been a hassle. It's easy because when not plugged in, I typically have the unit next to me and can easily hit it. It would just be nice if this was an option.-When in split screen mode you cannot hear both rooms or scan audio only between both rooms. You can only choose one to listen to. Because of this I will probably use this option less often than the scan. But I do think having it as an option is still nice. From what I found in my search, this is how all split screen functionality works on monitors on the market today.I almost didn't stick with this monitor because of the first two cons, however, after lots of research, I don't think there is a better value out there at this price point and the pros are all really great, in my opinion. I think there are things we can do to ensure the first to cons won't be an issue. I hope this review is helpful to someone struggling to find the right monitor for them!