I am very pleased with this product.  I read many many reviews on this and although there were mounting negatives about this product it was still better than many others i had been considering so my husband and i ordered it.  Upon arrival i was a little disappointed as one of the box ends looked as if the tape had been cut and opened.  Immediately my husband assembled it so we could report and problem with the product.  We found none, no damaged or missing pieces.  My husband commented that it really was simple to assemble the only trouble he ran into was that a bolt on one of the handles had crossthreaded and the manufacturer did not include any extra hardware.  The product is still very functional as there are pins that hold the handles in place and bolts are an additional secure.  The bassinet is very strudy...it doesnt wobble under pressure nor does it creak or rock while in a gliding motion.  I read a ton of reviews about the motor being super loud...my husband and i did not share in this opinion.  We turned it on expecting a horrible noise and heard nothing...We had to put our ears up to the actual mechanism to recognize any sort of sound coming from it. The gliding motion has more than one speed so although we have yet to put our lil boy we are expecting in it as of yet,  The slowest speed is very slow and rythmic.  I dont expect he will have any problems with startling when in motion.  The music/noises are very soothing and tranquil...It has 2 melodies, nature sounds (waves and birds) and hearbeat/womb noises.  The padding in the bassinet is thin but when you press on it, it almost seems like its has gel in it or a material to give it that sort of feel...Most dr.s recommend a very firm and flat surface for a newborn to prevent SIDS and we have found after shopping at stores for bassinets that mostly all are made with an equally thin pad.  We feel especially after we put a washable removable pad and a cover on this for easy clean up it will be more than adequate for our little one.The bottom shelf is a lil thin but is very functional to keep basic items in it like extra blankets and diapers that you may need during the nite.I did rate this as a 4 due to the packaging at arrival and a few other things that were in other reviews that i have noticed to be true.  It is a big bassinet BUT the area in which the infant sleeps is a small in comparison.  The liner takes a lot of room away from the infants area but then again a bassinet is not meant to be used for an extended period of time thats what a crib is for.  In the event of a mess and you need to wash the liner you have to disassemble the entire bed portion which by looking at it seems like a daunting task (this portion came already assembled in the box).  I also did notice the ruffle on the bottom shelf and the bed are slightly (not horribly)off in color shades from each other.  It really doesnt bother me as im happy with so many other aspects of this product but it may matter to any other person considering this for purchase.  Overall i am very happy and cannot wait to watch my lil boy sleep soundly in it.