*** UPDATE! ***I traded in my much larger SUV for a 2015 Mini Countryman! The Combi Twin Cosmo was a PERFECT fit. I just plopped it right in. Nothing to take apart or move around. Success!FYI - Bugaboo Bee fits too!Now on to the review:I am embarrassed to say that I own four strollers: Quinny Buzz, Bugaboo Bee, Maclaren Quest, and this Combi Twin Cosmo. I purchased the Buzz when my first daughter was born because I wanted something that was modern, but also fit our active lifestyle (hiking and jogging). However, it was a large, heavy stroller that I got tired of lifting in and out of my SUV by the time my daughter was around 18 months. So then I purchased a used Maclaren Quest to use for an upcoming trip out of town that required flying. My Buzz had opened during a flight and the baggage crew had taped it shut which was a mess to take off and a mess to get all of the sticky residue off. I loved how lightweight the Quest was and the tiny size. But it lacked the modern flashy look I like and the comfort I thought my daughter deserved because it was a used mid-grade Quest. So I purchased a Bugaboo Bee. The Bee is my all time favorite stroller that I recommend to all new parents. There's nothing I don't like about it. However, now I have a newborn and a 3 year old, so I needed a double stroller.I looked at the Bugaboo Donkey because I love the Bugaboo style, but I passed on it for the same reason I passed on the Chameleon: you have to put it together and take it apart each time you want to use it and each time you want to put it away! I find that absolutely ridiculous for a stroller that costs soooo much money!I initially wanted the Maclaren Twin Techno because I love all of the new updates Maclaren did like the red accents and big wheels, as well as the canopy profile from the side, the overall small size of the stroller allowing it to go through standard doorways with ease, and the brand name. However, I couldn't justify the price because I own three other strollers.So I researched a LOT of low-grade and mid-grade double strollers before finally deciding on the Combi Twin Cosmo. I only looked at side-by-sides because I hate those extended front strollers. They aren't very attractive and are just so long... they look so much more cumbersome.Why I love the Combi Twin Cosmo:- Use it right out of the box! I literally took it out of the box, unfolded it, attached front wheels, and was ready to go.- Folds easily! It really does fold right in half. Very cool when you see it done the first time.- Can use a Combi carseat for click and go on one side only which makes perfect sense for a family like mine that has an infant and a toddler. I have a Maxi-Cosi Mico carseat that I use. It doesn't "click" in, but it does fit. I use a bungie to keep it attached to the stroller.- Side profile reminds me of a Bugaboo Bee meshed with a Maclaren because of the large canopy, so I get that modern sort of look I love. I also get a lot of compliments on it.- Push bar height is perfect. This is important for those of us that wear heels and are use to adjustable push bars like in the Buzz and the Bee! I can push the stroller in flats comfortably as well as heels. The height is perfect! One of the things I didn't like about the Maclaren brand.- Can use from infancy, age 0 and up, because the seat lies all the way flat and has infant boot. For those wondering what an infant boot is (like I did and was unable to find any type of photo or explanation online) it is a piece of fabric that attaches around the front bar closing up the stroller so there are no gaps at the bottom (where a toddler's feet would go). So essentially, your baby can not fall out through the bottom. Great for me because I use this feature more than the car seat feature because my newborn daughter absolutely hates her carseat.- The front guardrail bar has three cup holders, is flexible, and can either be completely removed or removed in sections.Flexible as in you can literally twist it all around in multiple directions. Removable as in I can choose to remove the entire guardrail, or I can remove just one guard rail leaving the other intact. This means I can remove my toddler's guardrail while at places like the zoo so she can run in and out of stroller at her convenience, while still keeping the other guardrail up which is necessary for my baby to use the infant boot.- So easy to clean up accidents because the seat pulls out so easily. There's no complicated harness detach and reattach process. You just unclip, pull from Velcro at top, unzip zipper at seat crease, and pull from Velcro at the bottom! You can also use the stroller without the harnesses because you can hide them behind the seat liner.- Most importantly - it fits through standard doorways! People never think its going to fit, but it slides right through with ease. It does have trouble going through narrow aisles in clothing stores.Cons:- BRAKES: You can not release the brake off in flip flops, I have to use my hand. This is a major issue for me because I live in Miami and I am in flip flops 60% of the time :-(- Car seat - I wish it was able to accommodate other car seats. I have my Maxi-Cosi rigged to fit and I am ok with that, but wish it "clicked" in.- No adult cup holder and shallow front cup holders. I'm used to not having a cup holder because none of my other strollers have cup holders at all. Only time I miss having a cup holder is when I'm at the hot ass zoo.- Weight distribution takes getting used to. I thought my stroller was broken, but realized that the weight distribution was off: 7lb baby on one side versus 30lb toddler on the other. Now that I know that, it doesn't bother me.- Materials: You get what you pay for. Not the cheapest, but not the nicest either.All in all, I love it. I even use it with I'm just out with my newborn because she hates the car seat and prefers to lie flat and also because I like to put my diaper bag (Skip Hop Diaper Bag Duo Deluxe Limited Edition French Stripe - very chic) in the seat beside her.I haven't flown with it yet, but will update if it doesn't fit through the metal detectors, falls apart after gate checking it, or suffers some other issue worth discussing. Feel free to ask me any questions about it.