I love this wrap! I wish I would have gotten this when my son was born. But I didn't know about all the different kinds of wraps then. The only one I'd heard of was the Moby wrap because that was in stores. I got a Moby and loved it. I carried my son all the time in it. Until he got to heavy for it. Now Moby wraps say it can be used until they are 35 pounds but at around 19 pounds he was just too heavy. I would put him in and within 10-15 minutes the wrap would stretch too much and he would slide down my body and I would be carrying him too low. Which really hurt my back. So I stopped using it. I also have a Ergo baby carrier which just doesn't fit me right, it has never been that comfortable on my body, the straps hurt my arms. I only use it when I have to get something done in the house and can't be watching my son all the time, or sometimes when we are out. I definitely preferred the Moby, wrapping is so comfortable.  I did some research and found out about woven wraps and how they can be used longer for bigger toddlers. And you can do a back carry, which is one thing I really wanted to do. So I waited until I could afford it and decided to get this one because Didymos is the original woven wrap and it came with the instructional video, a warranty, and it's organic. I try to buy organic whenever possible. I am so glad I got this wrap! When it arrived I literally shouted yippee! I was so excited to finally have a woven wrap.  I tried the hip carry first and it is so nice. The material is really thick and strong and feels so nice. You can see the weaving in the fabric. I love the color too, it's so pretty. Green is my favorite color and it looks so nice with the blue. And the main thing I love about it is it stays in place. As long as I tie the knot properly it stays in place. It is so comfortable. Tying the wrap is no problem for me because I am already used to tying the Moby. I just need to practice with a couple more before I try the back carry. That's the only one That might be a little difficult for me. But it's also the one I'm most excited about. I will update this review once I've mastered the back carry. I'm so happy, now I can carry my toddler again. It really helps with the bonding and makes life easier wearing your child while they are still small enough to do so.