This is the next generation in pack n' play's and I LOVE the redesign!Pros:- The fabric and design is very modern and attractive (at least as much as a crib can be). It is setup in my living room so having something that looks decent and "blends" as much as possible is important.- The changing station is sturdy and at just the right height (baby doesn't lean to one side as with old pnp's). It also folds up and out of the way easily (which can be done w/ one hand while holding the baby with the other).- The bassinet portion attaches around the entire top of the pnp with fabric and hooks and is very secure- It's on wheels and is easy to move around- The vibrating function works well and has helped to soothe my daughter when other things won't- The diaper holder is just the right size and placement (some pnp's have these huge fabric shelving units that are SO unnecessary - this one has just the right amount of space w/o getting in the way of the looks and functionality of the pnp as a whole.- The canopy is not the old type that clips on to the sides, where you can't move it out of the way. This one is attached to the bassinet fabric. It's large and covers 1/2 the bed but also retracts fully when not needed. So...you can block out a lot of light with the changing station in position and the canopy up together OR you can have full access to the bed/baby by flipping the changing station out of the way and retracting the canopy. I like this a lot!- A pro (and as you'll see a con too)...it's big! The good thing is you can use it longer as your baby growsCons:- It's big! ;) It is a piece of furniture. It's a little heavier too so I wouldn't get this if you want something to drag back and forth between grandma's house everyday. This is more a set up and leave it type.- The canopy is held in the upright position by velcro tabs. It works ok for now (it's new) but I can imagine that eventually these might fail. It also is only attached to the bassinet fabric so you couldn't use it once the bassinet is removed - though I've never had a need for a canopy w/ and older child.- The light and sound machine that attaches to the side is not really worth anything. The light is especially dim. The sounds are just ok but can really only be heard in a perfectly silent room.I still gave this 5 stars b/c the cons don't truly detract from the overall quality and ease of use of it for me. I've had a few other pnp's with my first daughter and they're ok too but this one is by far my favorite! If you are going to be using this every day and want a more stationary crib (to use downstairs or something for grandma to set up and keep)...this is the one for you!