With a toddler and a newborn, we needed to upgrade to a double stroller that was good on the rough city streets of Chicago.  We immediately ruled out a "double wide" stroller because we didn't want to take up the whole sidewalk. So that really limited options to the Sit N Stand, Phil and Ted's duo, and the Graco brand.  As an added challenge, my 2.5 year old is already 40 pounds and it was tough to find a stroller seat that would accommodate over that weight limit.We ruled out the Sit N Stand because we didn't think our busy toddler would stand or sit in the back for long. Plus we had the Baby Trend single stroller and the wheels were sometimes a challenge on the uneven city sidewalks.  Then we ruled out Phil and Ted's because the toddler addition in the back seemed too low to the ground and the weight limit maxed out at 40 pounds. We figured that our toddler would either capsize the stroller or have it dragging on the ground with his weight. Plus all the complaining that he was sitting in the back.  So that left the Graco Quattro Tour Duo stroller.This stroller is almost perfect for our needs.  Our toddler sits in the front seat (facing forward) so he can see all the action but still be strapped in. And the front seat weight limit is 50 pounds.  Then our Graco Snug Safe carseat snaps into the back, facing backwards toward the walker.  The rear seat also folds all the way down so there is the option of putting the baby in lying down instead of using the carseat.  The basket under the stroller folds down for easy access; there is also a small removable pouch that goes on the handlebars to put keys/cell phone in.  Both seats have snack/cup holders for the kids.  The wheels seem sturdy so far and can lock in place if the stroller goes on gravel or rocky surfaces.  The stroller folds up fairly compactly into this sort of pod-like form.  There is a video on the "big brand toy site" that shows how the stroller folds up.  The stroller can also accommodate two Graco car seats at once too (I guess if you had twins).Cons:* The canopy for the front seat just barely covers our toddler's head (he is very tall) but it's removable so easy to fix the problem.* The front seat can't recline at all with an infant seat in the rear so our toddler has to sit up very straight.  He doesn't mind but he looks a bit odd sitting perfectly upright.* It's a bit heavy (what double stroller isn't?) but with two kids in the stroller and if it's really windy out, it can be hard to push.In all, not a bad purchase!  We purchased from Amazon.com because of the free shipping - it really made a difference in price comparison shopping and the phone customer service is always good too.  Just wish UPS was a bit gentler with packages - the stroller arrived a bit dented from transport.