We bought this BOB about three years ago before our first daughter was born. Since then, we've been using it nearly every day. Here are our findings after having it around for so long:WHY WE CHOSE THIS BOBWe spend lots of time outdoors running on fireroads and trails near our house. We read that if you go on trails, you want to have a fixed wheel. You also want to have good shocks so the baby doesn't get tossed around too much. These wheels are very thick and sturdy and the shocks are wonderful.However, after having used it for 3 years, we think we would get a pivoting wheel if we had to do it all over again. The pivoting wheel lets you lock it if you need to. It's also so much easier to turn than this stroller. This stroller is great on fireroads and trails, but it doesn't do well on roads because it is so hard to turn.Also, because the wheel is fixed, it was hard for me to use at first because I had a C-section. Bearing down on the handlebar to turn the stroller hurt a lot--and when you first use the stroller, it's very heavy because you'll have a carseat in there.HOW WE USE ITWe mostly use this stroller for trail and fireroad running and walking. We use it on the roads, but it's tough, so we usually opt for eaither our Graco stroller or our BOB Double on the roads--even if we just have one kiddo with us.CAR SEAT COMPATIBILITYWe use our BOB with the Graco Snugride 35 Click Connect carseat. There is not a BOB adapter specifically for the Graco Click Connect, so we had to purchase the Chicco adapter, which fits perfectly. It was tough finding the right adapter...lots of phone calls to BOB. Make sure that you differentiate between the Graco Click Connect and Graco Classic Connect when looking for the compatible adapter. We waited months for the adapter to come in only to learn it was for the wrong Graco model.SAFETY FEATURESWe love having the handlebar brake and handlebar strap for walking down our steep driveway--and for any hill really. It helps you control the speed and have a backup safety system in case you trip. I also love that it comes with a carseat strap that fits over the carseat. I tripped once and took the whole stroller down with me, so I was glad to have the carseat strap in place to keep the baby safe!The shocks on this stroller are excellent, so the baby will get a smooth ride that helps to protect his or her head from jiggling.ACCESSORIESThe BOB SHOULD come with basic accessories, but it doesn't. We have found that the BOB brand handlebar console is not so great. And it's kind of expensive for what it is. I'd look at other brands that might have shallow pockets and allow you to store more of your essentials.You'll have to buy a separate carseat adapter. $$$ When we put our carseat in, the shades don't work perfectly because they just don't line up. It's fine, but not amazing. BOB doesn't make carseats, so you'll have to work with whatever carseat you have and probably won't have that seamless fit you may be going for. It's okay though.You also have to buy a separate snack tray. YUP! The BOB doesn't even come with a basic snack tray. So you pay hundreds for the BOB and another hundred or so for all of the accessories. Booooo! But we knew we'd be using it daily for several years, so we bought the accessories anyway.NIGHT SAFETYThe canopy comes with reflective tape on the edges so if you walk at night, cars will have an easier time seeing you. We also added lights to the bars and the wheels.FOLDING AND TRANSPORTINGFolding it up is easy and it literally done just by folding it down in half. You can pull a red tab to get it even more compact as well. Opening it is easy as well.All in all, this stroller has become about as useful to us as our car. We love it. We only wish we didn't have to pay so much for accessories and we wish we had bought a model with a pivoting wheel.