I've searched high and low and this gate adapter is the best I could find on the market (so far) to attach a hardware mounted safety gate to banisters without damaging them.  It is relatively sturdy and not too bad looking.  However, it's not perfect.  There are a few design changes I wish they had made that would've made it much better.As can be seen on the product photos, the concept is simple.  You strap a piece of wood to the newel posts using the supplied velcro straps.  To me this system is a lot better than the other kind on the market that utilizes plastic clamps because the straps are softer and won't leave any marks on your nice posts and it looks less industrial than those bulky clamps.  So the product is simple, the concept is simple, but the execution could be better.First, the supplied wood stud is about an 1/8 inch too thin.  I've tried 3 different gates and they all came with screws that were just a wee bit too long and went past the stud about an 1/8 inch and would've left a tiny hole in my stair posts.  But a quick trip to Home Depot with shorter screws was all that was required.Second (and related to the third issue below), they supplied thin foam pieces to place in between the stud and your stair post presumably so they don't rub together and scratch the posts and to make the stud more secure when installed.  However, the foam pieces only had one side that was sticky.  No matter how hard I pulled the velcro straps to secure it to the posts, there was a slight wiggle with the studs.  Now don't get me wrong, it was still fairly stable but I could see over time after repeated banging shut of the gates how the studs will shift requiring frequent adjustments to make the gate and the latch line up again.  My simple fix for this was to place double sided tape to the non-sticky side of the foam pieces.  Now the studs won't budge at all.And third, while the velcro straps were a great idea, they used plastic buckles instead of metal.  As I said before, this issue relates to the second criticism above.  While trying to tighten it as much as I could so the stud won't wiggle, I pulled too hard and snapped the plastic buckle.  The buckles should really be made of a much stronger plastic or metal.  There's no magic formula to fix this problem as a consumer. You pull too soft and it's not secure enough.  You pull too hard, and the buckle snaps.  But for me, since I knew how much force I used to snap the first buckle I stayed well under for the other straps.  And using the double sided tape fix above and with the right amount of force for the straps, now the studs are firmly attached to the posts.  Oh, as for the strap with the snapped buckle, I used one of those thin metal seat belt adapter buckles that come with every baby car seat.  Worked great.  Wish I had more of those to replace the plastic ones.All in all, this was a good product.  With the simple adjustments I mentioned above it does what it's intended to do and the best on the market....so far.