I've used plenty of foam furniture guards childproofing my home, so I can answer one of the reviewers who wanted to see how the Roving Cove cushions compare to other brands.  I'll compare Roving Cove to KidKushion and Prince Lionheart because they seem to be the most popular ones on the market.The Roving Cove cushions are made from a much better quality material than the KidKushion guards.  Side by side, the Roving Cove cushions look and feel superior.  Also, the Roving Cove cushions are longer.  This makes a huge difference.  Many customers complained that KidKushion's guards do not stick well and stay on long.  This is probably because they do not use 3M double-sided tape, as Roving Cove and Prince Lionheart use.  The Roving Cove cushions fit very tightly into the corner of my wood kitchen table and stayed snug.  It helps that there are very clear and detailed instructions on how to make sure the tape is applied correctly.  The KidKushion was a bit cheaper than Roving Cove, probably because the quality is much lower.Compared to Prince Lionheart, the Roving Cove cushions seem to be equal or better quality.  They both stick well and are not easily removed by my kids pulling at them.  Prince Lionheart has a jumbo size (Roving Cove doesn't) but I'm not sure why you would need that.  Prince Lionheart has great directions for removing the cushions, but just a diagram to show you how to install them.  (I hate diagram directions.)  As I said, the Roving Cove directions to install the cushions are excellent, but there are no directions for removing the cushions. The big difference between these two brands is that Roving Cove cushions are much cheaper than Prince Lionheart.  I also like the fact that Roving Cove sells a 16-piece value pack.  You almost always need more than 4.I also like the fact that Roving Cove and KidKushion packaging are very minimalist.  Prince Lionheart's packaging is a bit overdone and seems wasteful.Roving Cove and Prince Lionheart are made in China.  KidKushion is made in the US.  This is unfortunate for people who want to buy only American made, because Roving Cove and Prince Lionheart are much better quality than KidKushion.One other note: there are many other brands of furniture guards that can be found on Amazon and in retail stores.  Many are cheaper than these three brands.  I would suspect that most of these other brands are inferior in quality, but it's worth checking them out.In summary, I would give Roving Cove 5 Stars (for quality, price), Prince Lionheart 4 Stars (for quality), and KidKushion 3 Stars (for price).