This review is for both Hide Away Extra Long and another comparable model, Sleep Tite Extra long, of same brand. I am currently using both models so I can compare these two with each other.What's in common?Overall both are in good quality and solid enough for their purpose. The extra long length is a big advantage for my sleep-mobile kids. They don't just roll sideways. These rails are the longest ones I can find on market. They look very similar and basically have same mechanism for installation. Once installed properly, there is no gap(at least no gap that wide enough to be considered dangerous)between the rail and mattress. I use one for each of my girls. They are both serious rollers and more than often they lean against the rail and put their faces against the mesh. No suffocation worries. I know it's not for co-sleep but I use it for co-sleep with my younger daughter anyway. Don't see any issue.What's different?Portability: I ordered the Hide Away(HA) model first for my older daughter and liked it. So when my younger daughter refused to go back to her crib to sleep, I ordered another for co-sleeping. This time I tried Sleep-Tite(ST). The first thing I noticed is ST is much lighter than HA. Besides the top rail of ST can be folded in half, unlike the HA, which has just one solid steel rod. So if I need one for travel, I will definitely get ST because the HA is not really portable by its design and weight.Installation: The manuals are very detailed and helpful. ST is easier to install than HA because the fabric are put on differently. If you look at the pictures closely, you will see the top part of the HA is round cornered one-piece but in HA, there are two connecting pieces for top rail and side rail.  In HA, I had to really squeeze the fabric to put on the rail along the turns. For ST it's easy because you can put on the mesh then bend the top and side rails to position.Sturdiness: Both are sturdy enough as I can tell. However, if I rock the rail hard, the ST is more wobbly because the folding mechanism. The HA is one piece of solid panel that barely moves. I use HA for my older daughter's bed. She would grab the rail when she tries to climb up to her bed (which I don't recommend your kid doing) and the rail support her very well. So you can tell it's pretty sturdy.Something interesting about the folding mechanism on ST: The hinge(or knot) in the middle of the top rail is protected with some sort of cushion. I guess it's to prevent children hitting on it since it's protruding and hard. It serves the purpose well. However, combined with the type of fabric they use, it is very "crunchy" and make noises when baby scratch it. It attracts my little girl to scratch more. So depend how you look at it, it's entertaining (for baby) and annoying (in the middle of night). I don't find myself bothered at all. Just funny.My complaints:The only thing bothers me is how the rail drops down. I first thought the push-in-under-mattress is a good idea in HA. However, it's very hard to do and run into the risk of ripping the bottom of mattress. I don't really need the "Hide-Away" feature since who cares if the bed is not picture perfect in a house with young kids. However, I do need the rail to be dropped down completely that I can sit on the edge comfortably for bedtime story. The problem is the "hinge" of the rail is at the level of the bottom of mattress. And the rail is pretty tall(a good safety feature though). So you need certain height of the bed to accommodate the whole piece. In my case, the rail would drop to floor at an angle that I couldn't sit on the bed without some hopping. It's not a problem on our adult-sized bed though.Another thing is I can't drop the rail with one shot. I have to go to the left to disengage the pin then go to the right to disengage the other pin before I can drop the rail. I am 5'4" with not so long arms. I guess it's a trade-off of getting an extra long rail.In summary, both are good quality products I trust to put on kid's bed. If you need something for travel, use Sleep-Tite. If you don't plan to take it away, use Hide Away since it's more solid.