I can't believe that I hesitated on buying these due to the negative reviews. These are absolutely worth every cent - if not more - than the buck and a quarter or so I ended up paying for each. I honestly don't know what the negative reviewers expected for the cost. It's crazy to expect thick, luxuriously plush, waterproof bibs at this price.  I am very pleased with the quality of these bibs. These are very soft to the touch and plush without being bulky. This is thin, low-pile terry with tiny loops vs. a larger, thicker, loose knit. These are TWO layers thick, not one, as stated in previous reviews (You can tell because the two layers can be pulled apart, although the fabric doesn't shift).  The edging is perfectly sewn in place in one long piece with tight, even stitches. No lifting edges, loose stitches or pieces of thread sticking out anywhere. I washed and dried these on the hottest settings, ran an iron over them quickly (to prepare them for embroidering) and they looked absolutely flawless. No curling edges or uneven binding shrinkage at all. Once I cut the tags off (these are made in China), I realized that I could not tell the back from the front (so they are probably reversible if you wanted to use thin puffy fabric paint to decorate).  I bought these to embroider and use for my own baby girl due in February. They fit perfectly in the 4x4 hoop of my Brother LBW6800 machine and came out beautifully. (I posted some pics with this review).I don't think I could make these bibs for cheaper than this price. I bought terry fabric from the Amazon-owned fabric site for nine bucks a yard to make my own burping cloths & bibs. Even though it's thicker, it arrived full of loose threads & pulls and looked like a mess after I washed it (but that's another story). I will definitely be buying more of these to embroider, applique or just use as a plain white goes-with-everything bibs. Buy these - you won't be disappointed!FYI - these measure about 10.25" total top to bottom. The front measures about 6.25" from neck opening to bottom edge and about 8" across at the widest point with a 4" or so neck opening.