I had to write a review for this product because it's the first suction product that actually works! We have tried the plates with suction on the bottom, etc. but they all seem to pop up – this suction is legit! Actually, my husband thinks it works almost too well, ha ha. Our kitchen table is not made of granite, it's some sort of smooth plastic top, but the suction still works great. As long as you have a smooth surface that's not textured, you should be fine – other reviewers that say this doesn't suction well may not have a smooth surface, and I would wonder if they could get any kind of suction to work on the surface they're attempting to stick this to. Or maybe they're not using a dab of water before suctioning it down.Either way, I am in love with this product!I grab baby's bowl/plate, heat it in the microwave, then put just a couple drops of water on my finger on the way to the table. Then slightly wet the suction cup, stick the plate on top and that's it! You're good to go. This thing has remained suctioned to our table for days in a row without budging.What it works with:1. anything with a smooth bottom2. ***works especially well with Gerber Graduates heat, feed, and store plates – (they are really cheap, can go in the fridge and be microwaved, and come with lids- awesome). See picture.3. Even works with Pyrex /Anchor one cup glass bowls! (See picture)The only problem you may have is removing this from your table or the plate from the top suction cup because it works so well! There is an easy remedy to that – I just use a butter knife (recommended in the instructions) and keep it right by the table either in a drawer or on a shelf – that fixes the problem in about one second :)Oh, and in case you couldn't tell from the pictures, this has two suction cups on the bottom that stick to your table or other surface; a middle "balancing ring"; and a top suction cup. The middle balancing ring can be removed if you like. After everything is suctioned down, there is about 1 inch of space between the bottom of the bowl or plate and the top of your table, but I haven't found this to be an issue for my daughter, and I don't see how the manufacturer could make this any more flat than they have.I don't write that many reviews, but I've had so much trouble finding a plate throwing solution that I wanted to share my newfound success with other busy and frustrated parents!