Great product for our family. There’s been a few technical issues with it sometimes so that’s why only 4 stars. It was a new product released by Motorola and with any new product there will always be glitches and bugs that need to be worked out.We had some serious issues with it at first; the night vision was overly sensitive and wouldn’t respond to even the slightest light coming through the cracks in the blinds -- and sometimes even the dimmest night-light would throw it off and the screen would just go black. We decided to do an exchange on it and thank goodness we did. It must have just been a mechanical error because our replacement camera has never caused us any problems with the night vision.It is awesome that we can connect it to the Wi-Fi and use our phones or computer for the monitor. I have an old iPhone4 that we use on the Wi-Fi primarily at home just so we don’t run our phone batteries down at night. I can also log in right on my laptop and connect it to the HDMI on my big screen and watch her when I am cleaning or in the kitchen.  I love that I can connect to the app at work too and check on daddy and baby when I am away from home. Being able to check in whenever you are away from home is the most amazing feature. I would never use any other monitor product just because of this. I like that we can buy additional cameras too when the time comes and add it on to create a home monitoring system. When the time comes for babysitters we can use this as a safety to make sure we know how things are going on at home when we aren’t there.Once in a while it gets thrown off and gets kicked off the Wi-Fi and we have to reset it. We have had to delete the camera off the app completely and start from scratch because it wouldn’t respond. Not a huge deal and only happened a couple times in the past year. It is really easy to set it up on the Wi-Fi so it was not too much of an inconvenience. I think if your Wi-Fi has to get reset or the power goes out it screws it up sometimes. No biggie. There was one time where something happened with the Motorola website and we couldn’t log in. Not a camera issue. Adobe Flash has just been updated but their website wasn’t up to date to run with the new Flash update so it wouldn’t work. We called their customer service and the issue was fixed within 24hours and the website was updated.The sound alert and temperature alert are awesome. You can set the sound alert to different sensitivity levels which is great. I can be outside by the pool and check in on the app to make sure she is doing ok and not have to run my battery down by keeping the app open, it will alert me if there is noise. The thunder or the neighbor mowing will set it off when it’s on super sensitive mode and she will still be sleeping like an angel so the sensitivity works great.We haven’t really utilized the microphone or the lullabies. They always seem a little too loud but it is still an awesome feature. When I see a noise alert on my phone at work I can log in and see that daddy is changing baby’s diaper and I can talk to them through the monitor which is always fun for me :)  I also like how far the camera moves. Up, down, and side to side. It has a great vision radius and if you have it set up right you can really view the whole room. I also like that it has a nail hanging thing on the back so we can have it on the wall right over baby’s crib.Overall this is a great product by Motorola. I will probably upgrade to a better version down the road as the newer models are always better. This was a first run for this sort of Wi-Fi product for Motorola so I can only assume the newer models that could be released down the road will be even better.