I got this carrier shortly after my son was born. He was colicky and I was exhausted from holding him constantly. The first carrier I tried was the (very pretty) MAYA WRAP Lightly Padded Baby Ring Sling Carrier (MEDIUM - BRIGHT STRIPE). Though I was a bit disappointed. I love the fabric design/color but wearing this carrier I felt lopsided, as though I always needed to support my baby with my arm. It also gave me a neck ache. Perhaps I was wearing the sling wrong. If so, I never could seem to get the hang of it. Back to the Ergo though. After ordering, I received the Evening In Innsbruck carrier and the silver infant insert right away from Amazon. It's a pretty, fairly neutral design and I like the sleek fabric. It doesn't catch and bunch up my shirt like the sling tended to. With my husband as a my helper/spotter I was able to get the carrier on within a few minutes of figuring & adjusting.  After the first time it was quite easy. My son wasn't thrilled with it at first but after a few minutes he came around. He loved being able to see things and being close to me. I think the bounce when I walked was soothing for him as well. I had really hoped to use this carrier to get more things done, especially house work. Unfortunately It hasn't been great for that... at least not for me. I'm not sure any front carrier would really be all that helpful though. I find it cumbersome to bend forward & climb stairs with it. Beyond that, once my son grew too large for the infant insert, he wanted nothing to do with the carrier (months 5-8ish). I think his legs were uncomfortable in it and he wasn't able to see as much since he was then sitting lower. Now at 10 months he's happy to be back in it. He's large enough to see out the top and look around and his legs seem to fit in it better.  Although my little guy wasn't loving it for a bit I am still glad I got it. He's back to loving it and It's nice to be able to carry him and have my hands free. I think the carrier is great for shopping, taking walks & light chores.