These Gerber Graduates sippy cups actually graduate.  I didn't realize this (that there were different shaped lids depending on the kid's age), so my daughter got stuck in the level two down from this one for way longer than it was apparently intended for.  I don't recall there being any kind of rating system on either the package of the old style she was using or this one.I don't remember how I figured out what developmental level this was supposed to be for; whether it was by reading reviews, product info listed on Amazon, or going to, perhaps, the Gerber website.  But, anyway, my daughter has been using these since she was about 21 months with great success.I read reviews saying the hole was way too small for the liquid to come out.  This is true, so in situations where she was accustomed to being able to drink at a sustained pace, I leave the removable white plastic valve out of the lid.  This allows her to get the liquid out fast enough to not be frustrated.For situations where she's allowed to carry the cup around the house (water only), I leave the valve in.  It's the only thing that makes it spillproof.  She can't get much water out at one time; has to really suck on the hard plastic lid, but she doesn't cry out of frustration like she did when I tried to give her her milk with the valve in.  She just doesn't drink much water at once.So, yes, I'd say that the size of the hole in the lid does discourage drinking in some situations because if you want to leave the valve in, that tiny hole makes it difficult for the kid to get much out at once.  My daughter has to really create a lot of suction to get even a satisfactory amount of water out when the valve is in place.  I don't know, maybe this is intentional on the part of the designers?I did read somewhere that developmental specialists were hired to work on the lid designs to provide a natural shape progression that would encourage your kid to learn to drink from a cup.  So, perhaps they want them to have to suck hard?  I don't know.I just know that she's gradually learning to drink from a regular cup under supervision.  This sippy doesn't seem to be negatively affecting that.