I just had my third baby 5 weeks ago.  My older two children are 4 and 2 and still need a lot of attention, so I knew that a baby carrier would be a must.  I decided on a cotton ring sling, and after a lot of comparison of brands and prices, I settled on the Maya Wrap.I ordered it through Amazon, and as always I was happy with how promptly it arrived.Using it was a little tricky at first.  I kept trying to use cradle hold, and the baby kept sinking down into the fabric, and his body kept curling into itself, causing me to worry about his breathing.  After checking into some babywearing websites, I learned that the upright tummy-to-tummy hold is really preferable to newborns and less risky than cradle.  It is demonstrated in the DVD that is included with the sling.  That's what we've been using ever since.  The baby is as content as he can be tucked against my chest right under my chin.  Once he's in and I start moving, he usually lists to one side in a slight recline that's comfortable for him and entirely safe.  I can look down and see his whole face as he sleeps peacefully.I use this sling at least a few times a day.  I use it around the house when he's awake and wanting to be held.  He relaxes in it while I do housework and tend to the other kids.  I use it at the grocery store, and I don't know what I'd do without it.  The two other kids are in the two seats at the top of the cart.  If I were to put a carseat in the back of the cart, there'd be no room for groceries.  I use it just about wherever I take the kids, so that I can hold their hands in parking lots and still have my baby safe and sound against me.I ordered a medium, which is for anyone 5'2" to 5'9".  That's most women.  A small is for those who are 5'2" and petite.  I'm 5'3" and petite, so I hesitated on the size, wondering if the medium would really be too big.  It turns out it is large, the tail hanging down to about mid-calf.  What I often do is wrap the tail around my waist and tuck it underneath the baby.  If I couldn't do that, I might be a little annoyed with the length of the tail.  I'd have to tuck it into clothing or maybe tie it in a knot.You can breastfeed in a ring sling, and I sometimes do in this one.  I have to sit down and loosen the sling a lot.  I am not able to walk around and breastfeed hands-free in the sling like some can.  I don't find it necessary.  He doesn't nurse so often that I can't take a few minutes to sit down with him.I love the fabric.  It's so soft and breathable, and has just a little bit of give.  I think the olive green color is beautiful too.I would highly recommend this sling to anyone who's having a baby, especially if they already have other babies to take care of.  It is the second set of hands you will wish you have.