First of all if you are expecting the bags to be made out of merino wool and look like wool blanket, you will be disappointed. Both brands are rather thick outer cotton bag with thin (about as thick as cotton onsie) inner merino fabric layer. I have a feeling that merino wool is there more to regulate temperature, than to keep baby warm.Since I couldn't decide between those 2 brands, here are the main differences I found:- Shoulder snaps: Merino has the snaps only on one shoulder, Woolino on both.- Armpit snaps: both Merino NB-2 and Woolino have one snap to make the armholes smaller, about half way through opening. Merino 2-4 doesn't have an armpit snap.- Car seat buckle hole: Merino has them, Woolino doesn't.- Snaps to make the sleeping bag shorter: only Woolino has them. One set of snaps on side of the bag which would make the bag short enough for a newborn or so.- Cotton quality: Woolino was softer than Merino 2-4. The Merino 0-2 I have received was, however the softest of all 3. The cotton was organic, which the manufacturer didn't advertise and it wasn't the case of the bigger Merino bag.- Made in: Woolino made in China. Merino 2-4 assembled in China. Merino 1-2 made in India. All made with Australian Merino Wool.- Zipper: same quality and design in all 3.- Size: Merino 0-2 and Woolino are very similar size, with lots of room to grow for my 7 month old (he is 27-28 inch long). Merino 2-4 was very long and since my baby is skinny, there was no way I could start using it that early - he would squeeze through the neck opening. Here is the Merino Kids Size chart:Age.....Length......Chest Width at Binding.....Neck Opening.......1/2 arm Opening0-2.....34 inch......11 inch...................5 inch.............7 inch2-4.....42.5 inch....12.5 inch.................5.5 inch...........8 inch- Merino wool inner layer: it looked similar in both products. I didn't have access to the Merino Kids winter weight.- Nursery temperature range: Merino standard is 64-80 F, Merino winter (also called Duvet) is 60 - 64.4 F. Woolino is 65 - 77 F.- Travel bag: Both Woolino and Merino 2-4 had cotton travel bags as advertised in addition to the plastic zipper bag they came in. The Merino 0-2 came packed in see-through fabric bag, which could be used as a travel bag.Since the Merino Kids 0-2 I have received was made with organic cotton I have decided to keep that one. I know of another person who ordered it from Amazon and received the organic version as well. Not sure if it was a fluke, or all shipped by Amazon in the smaller size are organic.There were other 2 things which made me like the Merino Kids more. First one was the car seat buckle hole. I like the ability to use the bag with a swing. I also found the hole to be very convenient for quick check to make sure the diaper didn't leak (I have small hands though). Secondly I wasn't crazy about the snaps on the Woolino - seemed like something not very comfortable to roll on.Since when I was purchasing it, there was promotion for Merino Kids, it made the price difference smaller between the two brands. If not for the promotion I might have decided for Woolino instead. Beside the random organic cotton, the differences in products weren't big enough to justify $50 difference in price.I have been using the bag and washing it for few weeks now and love it. The baby is nice and warm, but not sweaty. No flame retardants, all natural product - I am glad I purchased it. I feel that the price was high, but if it really lasts us until 2 year mark, it will be a good investment.Here is the temp chart I found for the dressing suggestions with Merino bag:80 F  -  Diaper only78 F  -  Short sleeved onsie71 F  -  Long sleeved onsie64 F  -  Long sleeved onsie + pajama62 F  -  Long sleeved onsie + pajama