It was my first time cloth diapering and I purchased all Thristies products after doing a lot of research. My son is now 13 months old and still using them all. I have had zero problems. Their products are made in the USA and the quality is excellent. I do nothing "special" to clean them and after over a years worth of wearing I have zero stains on my diapers and have never had to strip them once. I should also mention that my son has NEVER had a single diaper rash!!! They are great. All of Thirsties products are easy to use and I will be using these same diapers on my second baby! They still look brand new! I ordered the prefolds in size one and two, the covers in size one and two, 2 large wet bags, two small wet bags, and a handful of the hemp inserts which I add in at night for extra dryness so my son sleeps through the night. Each item was worth every penny and I didn't waist money trying a million diapers from a million different companies. I trusted my gut after doing the research, went with Thirsties, and haven't regretted it a bit. Love, love, love this company. I should also say that Thirsties prefolds dry in ONE dryer cycle which is a huge deal. With an all-in-one or other styles where the diaper is sewn in, you are looking at multiple dryer cycles to get them dry. You can check out the unique design of their prefolds too, which helps them get cleaner in the washer and dry faster in the dryer. I paired these with the snap covers and this system has been really easy for myself, and surprisingly my husband has commented many times on how easy they are. Thirsties will also tell you on their website that there is no need to purchase or use snappi's with their diaper system which is great. My son was 8 lb 15 oz at birth and the size one fit him fine and says it can fit as small as a 6 lb newborn. With their adjustable sizing I spent NO money on "newborn" diapers. I give the double gusset design all the credit for the fact that in the 13 months my son has been in diapers he has NEVER...yes, literally never, had a blowout that came out of the diaper onto his clothes. As far as wet leaks, when he grew and it was my turn to adjust the rise and waist to fit his growing body, I had a couple leaks when I was trying to figure out which snap would work best at his new size. Along that journey I had a couple wet leaks at night as I was figuring out a good fit but as soon as I discovered the right fit, no leaks. My son transitioned seamlessly from size 1 to size 2 EXACTLY when they said he would (at 19 lbs) and has a great fit since birth due to the fact that there are so many different ways to snap Thirsties covers. (as a side note, if you buy the covers I prefer the snaps rather than the Velcro. Velcro eventually would wear out where snaps do not) Also, if you are purchasing these for an upcoming baby but they are not here yet, wait as long as possible to purchase them because Thirsties 6 month warranty starts from the purchase date (so if you purchase them when you are only a few months pregnant the warranty will be expired before the diaper ever hits your baby's bum!)There are many other diapers out there that will cost you a whole lot more than this company charges. This is a great product at an affordable price.