After a LOT of research I decided on the KeyFit 22 for my second child. The Britax B-safe was the runner up but is heavier and a little pricier. For our first child we had had the Graco Snugride but that was purchased in 2005 and had long since been passed on. The KeyFit is a sturdy, well made seat and gets my vote for ease of use and a great price tag! It is very easy to install properly with the easy-to-see leveling bubble and the built in adjustor with a lot of different height options to level it off. I remember taking my first car seat to the fire station to check that it was installed properly only to have them stuff a swimming pool 'noodle' (cut in 2ft lengths) under the seat to get it level. This is soooo much easier!Quick Pros:1. very easy to install at the proper angle2. can be used with or without the base3. machine washable cover. I have taken it off just to see how easy it was, it only took a few minutes, but haven't actually washed it yet so I can't attest to how the fabric will hold up but it seems as though it would hold up quite well.4. handle can be used to hold car seat stable (keep it from rocking) while seat is on a table or the floor5. LATCH buckles store neatly within the seat and are easy to attach and tighten6. harness is easy to click and undo (unlike some carriers I looked at with a 'puzzle lock)7. it is one of the most light weight seats out there8. sturdy seat with sturdy base too. FYI the base is interchangeable with the KeyFit 309. on a vain note, the colors look great with my tan leather interiorCons:1. The sun shade is not very large2. the carrying handle is comfortable, but not as comfortable as someNow that I have been using the seat for a few months I would like to add one thing to the cons list:3. This seat does not have grooves  underneath where my old Graco did. The Graco's grooves allowed it to fit into the seat area of a shopping cart. Now instead, I have to either put the entire car seat in the big basket section of the cart which takes up almost the entire cart, or move the (sometimes sleeping) baby into the Baby Bjorn if I want to do a larger shopping trip....not the end of the world but certainly not convenient. I suppose a buyer should consider this more seriously if you will be having to do the infant seat-to-Baby Bijorn switch in the parking lot in the cold weather.....maybe I'll just start doing home delivery for my groceries over the winter.Other than that, I am still very happy with the infant seat.P.S. It fits into either the Chicco Caddy or the Baby Trend Snap n' Go