Our 5.5 yr old son just started reading.  This set is terrific for keeping his interest in letters and words.  It makes reading and spelling lots of fun for him.I like that they are lowercase letters.  It is harder to find a decent set of lowercase letters, but yet they are the letters that make up most of the words DS is reading.Preparation for play was simple.  The letters easily popped out of the foam sheet they came in.  The strips of foam for the fishing line went onto the poles easily.  The foam line sticks in the bait disc a little funny, but it seems okay so far.  The line must be tied in a knot and then the knot is pushed into the disc, but not all the way through.  That way the bait disc is completely flat on the bottom.  We only used 2 fishing poles and two of the large bait discs.  The rest are put away as spares.For play, the instructions say to make sure each letter and the bait discs are wet.  Then, have fun!  The set worked like it said it should.  We had no problems getting the letters to stick to the discs.  Sometimes DS would try to slap the disc onto a letter and yank it up quickly.  It didn't work for him.  He found that if he let the disc sit on the letter for a second or two, he could pick up several letters at the same time.  Four letters at once is his record so far.  They also stick to the side of the tub like they are supposed to.  Although they don't stick to the textured tiles above the tub.They are of decent quality.  We have a set of uppercase letters from a different company and it's hard to tell what some of the letters are supposed to be.  We do not have that problem with this set.  The dot on the "i" and the "j" looked a little odd, so I took my fingernail and drew a line under the dot at the top so it would look more separate from the bottom part.  The line has remained even after playing with them.  That may be a bad thing if you have a child in the house who might put them in his/her mouth.  A single bite mark would probably stay there forever.There are several copies of each letter.  Thanks to that, we can build entire sentences on the tub wall.  I like that I don't have to buy 2 sets just to have some extras of the letters we use most often.The only problem I can think of is maybe over time the hole in the discs will widen and the lines may not want to stay in.  If that is the case, we will just tie bigger knots until the discs becomes unuseable.  Thankfully the set comes with two sets of discs.Overall, this is an awesome set of letters that I would definitely buy again.