I don't have this actual color (I have the Phantom version), but I have absolutely LOVED this infant seat!  The price and neutral colors are what originally sold me.*The triangle-shaped handle is a cool feature, but I don't find it more useful than regular ones as I have mostly carried it on the side with my elbow.  My husband does like to use the handle though.*The way this carseat fastens is a *bit* tricky since you have to overlap both sides to put it in the crotch part, but it feels very secure every time so it hasn't bothered me.*The BEST feature of this carseat is the easy adjustments for the harness.  Instead of rethreading every time my daughter had a growth spurt, all I had to do was twist the knob on the back & it would move up a bit!*The 30 lbs/30" size limits are pretty good - my daughter is still 2" from the height @ 11 months, although she is very petite, and no where close to the weight.*I have found this seat to be very easy to move between vehicles. I've moved the base a number of times (well worth it if you'll be removing your baby from the seat more than a few times) and have never had a problem getting it secure with both LATCH & seatbelts.*On that note, the LATCH system on this seat's base is awesome compared to some other brands.  It is easy to get very, very tight by just kneeling on the base and pulling hard on the straps.  I'm 5'3 & 115 lbs and can do it no problem by myself.*It isn't too heavy to carry with your baby in it, at least not anymore than other infant seats I've tried.The ONLY reason I gave this seat 4 stars is because you can't machine wash the seat cover (cloth & soap only!).  My baby was never much of a puker, but if you have a baby that throws up a lot, I could see this being pretty annoying.  My only other gripe is that the sunshade is a bit tricky to get over the back of the seat if it happens to come over it & does unattach if you get too tough with it, but not really a huge deal.I recommend this seat to everyone I know that is having a baby!  You get an highly safety-rated seat for a STEAL; when you consider how short of a time your baby can really use an infant seat, I really see no reason to spend any more.  Buy this seat - you will love it!