I bought these for my 13 month old 32lb, 32" tall son (he's a very fast grower and is about the size of a 2-3 year old). Looking to save money on diapers I hadn't tried any other brand of reusable cloth diapers. These are very soft on both sides. My son actually gets excited when I put these on him rather than fussy when i try to put disposable diapers on him.We bought 2 to try and have been using them each day for about a week now. He does't usually have the more liquid type of poop anymore so I can't attest for how well this holds up with that but it does a great job catching everything "solid" and can hold a lot of pee too. My son is a heavy wetter and doesn't leak at all through this diaper during the day having it on for 5 hours with one insert. The insert wicked away the wetness from his skin really well. There are no signs of compression leaks during the day. He did however leak through the top front of the diaper after sleeping in one with two inserts in it for 12 hours. My son sleeps on his stomach most so most urine always absorbs there. I will say the inserts absorbed A LOT of urine that night and we have problems typically even with the disposable night time diapers anyway. However, I was impressed that this cloth diaper wicked the urine all the way up to the back of the insert enabling it to absorb more. Huggies overnight diapers do NOT do this at all. But the leaking was no surprise to me and not a disappointment either.My son hasn't showed any signs of irritation or diaper rash with these. Right now he fits on the largest waist setting and I'm hoping he will stop growing soon and fit into them for a while. If not, there is a company that makes "extenders" that attach to any diaper on each side of the waist to make them fit for longer. My son is huge for his age and has wide hips and thighs and these fit him great on the largest setting. They would likely fit a 3 year old no problem. haha. They do snap down to make a small newborn diaper though. Love the all in one size! The inserts get more absorbent with each and every wash/dry cycle and seem to wash up really well following the instructions on the tag (located inside of the diaper pock and made of a thin silky material). The diapers aren't super bulky. They are bulkier than a disposable but that is to be expected. For my son I just had to go up a size in pants only with some. Most of his pants were accommodating enough already.I am expecting a newborn any day now and will be testing these out on him and updating this review. But all-in-all these diapers rock and are a GREAT deal even with the high cost of shipping involved. I just wished that Crazy Cart would sell these diapers in bundles so that you can save on shipping costs instead of adding like $5 a diaper in shipping. I think these were shipped from Asia so expect it to take at least a week to get to you. But they do put your order into the mail fast.