Purchased this without seeing it in person and so was very pleased when I opened the package. First off, it looks and feels great. I was unsure what the actual material would look/feel like and was hoping it wouldn't be like the material used in the itzy ritzy (reusable snack bags) line. It is a very smooth and cool-to-the-touch type material of good quality, not very thick but not too thin either. It's very foldable or crumple-able as needed, but otherwise maintains its shape. I put it through the washer (in a delicates bag, just in case) and it came out just fine and was promptly hung up to dry (inside out).It is a good sized bag at 12"x15". After my little girl was potty trained well enough (nighttime-only pampers), I wanted to ditch the bulky diaper bag and go back to carrying my own handbags lol. So I looked high and low for a suitable, smallish wet/dry type bag that would allow me to discreetly (and fashionably) carry around just the essentials--my toddler's potette plus portable potty/seat (which is great, btw), potette/plastic bags, toilet seat covers, extra set of clean underwear+pants, and mini clean well hand sanitizer. All these items fit perfectly with a little room leftover. As you can imagine, I was ecstatic, happy as a clam. You can certainly fit quite a bit between the main and mesh compartments and keep specific items separate as needed (e.g., wet/dry, clean/dirty, discreet/indiscreet, etc.) It is flexible and roomy enough to fit your necessities, but small enough so you can easily just "grab & go" or stuff it into larger handbags or luggage. However, its functionality is not just limited to use as a diaper bag; you could get a lot of other uses out of this beyond just the baby/toddler stage or kiddie realm. It's useful for basically anyone who needs such a bag, and the best part is that it doesn't scream "baby" or "diaper bag" in the least bit--the only giveaway is the little skip hop tag, but only those familiar with the label would know anyway.The one complaint I have (so far) is with the little strap. Having a strap is an absolute necessity for me (generally easier to carry around and also to hang on stroller, hook onto another bag, and of course, hang on a hook in a public restroom). However, the seemingly nifty idea of the snap button is a huge fail because it constantly unsnaps itself at the slightest tug--imagine twirling the bag on your finger...no wait, it'll unsnap itself and fall down before it makes a full spin. So, that is very annoying but ultimately not make-or-break because it is still a strap and fulfills the purpose for which I need it. Maybe I can figure out a way to fix/hack this (just super glue it together??) or just learn to live with not applying any pressure on the snap button lol.Bottom line: quality + functionality for a multitude of uses, and easy on the eye to boot; with the exception of the snap button, it's perfect (and relatively affordable too)!