I used to have a Britax Boulevard until my car was broken into and my insurance damaged that car seat. I thought about getting another Boulevard but opted to upgrade to the Advocate. The only difference is this: SIDE IMPACT. I got the Onyx seat but the Side Impact things are SOOOOOOO UGLY! they're these gray end caps on the seat. It's not that obvious from the photos but in person, they're there. Other than that, it really looks/feels/installs just like the Boulevard.This seat is practically the same as the Boulevard and that includes installation.  ho hum.INSTALLATION:I wish I had done more research (not on the car seat) but the actual installation of the car seat. When we opened the box, I was surprised that 1 - the box was a square (unlike the Boulevard) - AND there wasn't any items inside as a filler for the seat itself. We have a Subaru Outback Station Wagon. Thinking that it was a family car, a car seat wouldn't have been an issue. Think again. There are only tethers in the roof (near the hatch). There are no tethers in the floor. (When we had the Boulevard, we were rear facing and that was a pain) - now that our seat is Forward Facing, It's not as bad. It does take up some width of the backseat =(LATCH system - easy to install. make sure to pull the straps TIGHT after install. Seat will wobble a bit but once you tether it down (or up) it's very secure. If you do tether it up, make sure the seat is still within the 30-45 degree requirement. It makes it hard to keep the seat secure AND at those degrees. When we tethered it up, it looked like the seat was being pulled upright. My car has squishy seats.Recline: If installing rear facing, MAKE SURE TO RECLINE THE SEAT before installing the LATCH system. It's very hard to reach once your seat is latched.Background Info: My son is now 16 months old. Sitting up on his own. 20lbs, 29" tallSEAT:Straps: REALLY SOFT!! Harness is easy to use and unclip to get our baby out. Drawback is that the rubber part of the strap is too tall (it's longer than my son's torso (I had the same complaint when he was 6 months). It irritates him and doesn't seem comfortable. Britax has a lot of extra padding to make the straps bearable, there's a padded cushion that is useful to make sure the strap doesn't dig into his neck. There is also another pad behind the buckle so it doesn't push onto his bits and his belly.Padding: Infant inserts removes easily so as my son gets bigger, we can take the cushion off. There's a way to fold the flaps/sides in so it gives a snugger fit for smaller babies. Looks like there will be plenty of room to grow.Headrest: Easily moves up and down. Wish the side flaps weren't so stiff. Seems like it will work with his large head.Style: Good looking. Fabric is soft and feels nice. Color combination is attractive. Looks like a "big boy" seat and blends in well with my car. It's nice that this seat has a pattern vs the Boulevard which was just a color scheme.Overall: The seat is pretty light. I carried it without a problem (Surprising b/c the box is the size of a small playhouse). It looks great in my car. Took a bit of fussing but well worth it. It's great that the seat sits a little higher so my son can look out the window. He could see some stuff in his infant carrier but not really that great. I feel very confident and comfortable that my son is in a secured and well rated seat. (I wish that car seats came with it's own carrier bag b/c I hate having to find one that fits - for the $ that these seats are, I'd think that's a fair request).