I love almost everything about this mobile. If we are using the mobile for soothing then I start it out on nature sounds or classical so hopefully she falls asleep before the more upbeat songs play. There are seven categories of music. If you let it play through it will go to the next category automatically. But if the large button is pushed it will only cycle through the 4 songs in the category it is already in. This didnt bother me before but my daughter now has learned to press that button. She can only choose from 4 songs unless she presses another category button or it plays through to next category.  My biggest issue: There is a sleep mode, however, it takes 40 minutes of playing to get to the sleep cycle. This is so irritating!!! My baby has loved this mobile. She is now 9.5 months and wakes up wanting to play in the mornings and would likely fall back asleep or play for awhile.  But it's turned off at this point. Rarely does it actually need to play through the 40 minutes!  We manually turn it off. I wish there was a sleep button. But there doesn't seem to be anyway to put it in sleep mode yourself. Now I wake up to sounds of my daughter hitting at the mobile but it's not doing anything. The only way is to go in there and turn it on. No point. She will see me and no longer be interested.  The only way around this, I figure, is to let it run the whole 40 minute cycle every night.  Most nights my baby is asleep before I lay her down and the mobile is not needed to soothe her to sleep.  So this could work. But it sure will use the batteries doing this everyday. And then I have to remember not to shut it off. A few tweeks could make this the perfect mobile for the little baby and the big baby. My baby still loves this mobile and I have no regrets. I just hope these mobile makers read the product reviews. The rainforest soother we also have is so awesome with all the individual options for play and a sleep button. You can do lights, sound, motion. Or just one or any combo. I wish it had those options.