I am a first time mom and due in about 5 weeks. I searched high and low for good reviews on a reasonably priced glider. I took a chance on this one based on the pictures and the (at the time) 2 reviews. The company itself couldn't be found!The chair came in one large box and was easy to assemble. It had some minor damage to the box and a piece of plastic from the glider portion was snapped off and floating around. It turned out to be a piece that wasn't really that important, so a quick glue job worked.Before we assembled it, we noticed the glider portion was making loud squeaking noises and spent some time putting wax and WD40 on it to make it better. In retrospect, we should have put the chair together first to realize that this noise would not occur when properly assembled. We heard the noise because we thought the glider portion glided on the wood itself, when in reality, once the chair is assembled, you pull the lever all the way up and lock it to glide with no contact to the wood. Assembly took about 20 minutes and was very basic. You only have to attach the bottom seat, two handles, back and cushions to the base glider piece with easy to use screws (all the same size) with the tool provided by the company. The instructions were easy to follow and accurate.Once assembled - it is simply perfect and worth every penny. The gliding motion is wonderful and soothing. It has a few locking positions to use as well and the ottoman (which comes fully assembled) moves with the glider when in gliding position. The arm cushions have a large pocket enclosed on each side.The cushions are very adequate and soft with plenty of padding (something many of the other reviews I read seemed to lack). The size of the chair is perfect for both me (medium build, 5'5" tall) and my husband (larger build 5'10" tall). The seat is wide and long enough to relax in. The back is tall enough for us both to rest our heads against it while gliding.The delivery was prompt and it came about 2 days after the order was placed.I hope this review is helpful. We obviously haven't used it very much yet, but can't wait to put it to use with our new baby!