First let me say that I purchased this bed from Amazon directly not this seller.Secondly I got this bed in espresso not white. (I wanted espresso)We just got it in yesterday. I love it. Originally we were told we wouldn't get it until October 26th! We ordered it the 9th of September! However to my delight we got it the 29th of September.My husband put it together himself fairly quick it only took him an hour. He would have done it in 30 minutes if he had read the directions all the way through before starting :P His only complaint was that none of the pieces were labeled so when he had almost finished and was going to put on the side rails he realized that he had two pieces upside down and in the wrong spot. So he had to take the whole thing apart again and switch them. The directions are easy to follow of course like I said the pieces aren't labeled so when the directions state to put piece b2 and a2 together that can be frustrating. However the bed is simply put together if you aren't a first timer to these sorts of things.So far its holding up. My daughter went straight for it once she saw it. Currently it is pushed against the side of our bed (we are military and waiting for our housing so we share a room currently) and she jumped from our bed to hers over and over and climbed all over the head board. She just loves it! It holds my weight and hers so its pretty sturdy! Overall I love it and it was well worth the $69.99 I spent on it!! Much better built than the stork craft bed we had to throw out!! That one was a convertible lifetime crib, toddler, adult bed and it didn't even last through being a crib! So all in all its a wonderful bed and beautiful in espresso!UPDATE 8/2/2013So we have had this bed for a good while now. We got this bed in 2011. I figured I should update this review since my daughter will be moving into a "bigger girl bed" next weekend. This bed has held up WONDERFULLY. It still holds my weight and my daughters when we cuddle for a bed time story. The only complaint I can think of is that the "wood" is easily nicked. There are a great deal of dents and nicks in this bed. It still looks pretty darn great and has held up to 3 moves.