Quantity: I bought 18 of these prefolds in size 1 when my son was born. I use ONLY these during the day.  Since then, I have purchased 6 all-in-ones (for nighttime).  With this inventory, I am doing the wash every other day.  I have 12 diaper covers of various brands, and I feel that is enough to get by given my current laundry schedule.  I recently bought these diapers in size 2, again 18 of them.Size: Our baby boy was 9.5 pounds at birth and the size 1 fit him great, but at 2 months old and 12 lbs, and many washings of the prefolds, the diapers were barely fitting anymore and were therefore harder to wrap around and secure.  At 2.5 months/13 pounds, he had definitely outgrown the size 1s, so I purchased the next size of this same prefold and they are working out wonderfully.  The size 2s are almost double the size of the size 1s, so I can fold in the entire front for extra absorbency.  The size 1s, without enough cloth to really fold over, were soaked after one pee and dampened the inside of the diaper cover along with it.  So to recap, the size 1s worked great for us until 2.5 months/13 pounds (not the 18 pounds stated in the description) and then we had to order the size 2s.Leaking: I use the jelly roll fold and snappies, and have never had a leak with these prefolds.  I am diligent on being sure the cover leaves not even a smidge of the prefold exposed however; I'm convinced that is key to preventing leaks.  For the size 1, I folded the inch of extra material at the top front UNDER, back into the wrapped diaper.  This worked great until 2 months/12 pounds, when either he was peeing more or the size 1s were getting to be too small.  After that, as mentioned above, the size 1s became pretty soaked, and the moisture at the top rendered the cover too damp to use again.  We never had leaks though.  For the size 2s, I fold the entire top third into itself, creating a 2-ply front.  This so far is working great at 3 months and 14 pounds, and I think I will be able to do this with the extra material for quite a while longer.Bottom line: I highly recommend these prefolds.  I would just note that you will probably need the next size up much sooner than expected.  The extra fabric of the larger size will allow for more absorbency too, so you may even choose to move up earlier rather than later.  And, as with all cloth diapers, to prevent leaks it is very important to be sure the diaper cover fully covers the prefold.  These are not as easy to secure as all-in-ones of course, so honestly, I don't encourage my husband to use them :) but if you are willing to put in a little extra effort, you can save a lot of money and still be leak-free!