I waited a while to post a review of this item until we had used it enough. This was by far the purchase I was most excited about when I was pregnant...I can't really explain why but I just thought it was adorable and couldn't wait to use the mat with my little girl. She's 4 months old and I can tell you we have gotten a TON of use out of this mat.We started her off using the pillow...but it seemed too high for her so we use the pillow that came with the gym we bought instead and then with no pillow at all. Our little one has always been pretty good with tummy time though she really prefers to do it on mom or dad's chest/belly vs on the mat. At 4 months we have just pulled out the frog pillow again so that she can start to get some practice pushing up on her arms...oh my gosh...she LOVES it! She grabs the frog's face and is pushing up nicely. We still mix it up with the pillow and no pillow for tummy time...but she loves it!The little leaves/rings that come attached to the pillow can be detached and we did that pretty early on. She's loved grabbing onto the rings for several months now and they are a great size for her.The mirror is just okay. We actually use it more with the gym because it really needs extra support to stand up. We have another mirror we got as a shower gift that stands up better on its own and that's what we use with this mat. I will say though...we got one of the cutest pictures ever with this mirror...it's actually a pretty clear mirror for a baby mirror.We use this mat a lot not just for tummy time but also for playing with baby on her back, for letting her roll over, and it's GREAT for laying her on the couch (supervised of course) because this mat is very easy to wipe up if she spits up or drools on it. Now that she's starting to sit up assisted...she likes to sit on the mat and look down at all the colorful things on the mat.She is already a little long for the mat...but we mostly turn it sideways now and let her feet hang off. This gives her room to roll over to either side and still stay on the mat. Doesn't really matter if her feet are hanging off.All in all...VERY happy with this purchase and would definitely recommend!