I'm an engineer, and as such I like things that are well built and well thought out.  I've spent way too much time in the playard aisle at BabiesRUs checking out the options.  I've shaken them, disassembled them, stressed them, and the Chicco was the obvious winner.  Side note, don't buy display models from BabiesRUs :).I bought this after the price dropped notably even though our baby is still a few months out.  We already have the matching high chair and travel set, we're just acquiring things a few at a time to help spread out the cost and keep me entertained.  It was at the front gate when I got home yesterday and I immediately hoisted it up on my shoulder to take inside.  As others have said, it's hefty, and I won't be doing that again.  Smaller moms should take note, this is a bit of a hoss to move around a lot.  I opened the box and upon seeing the case it came in, I was sure I would never get it all back in.  More on that later.The mobile (not mobile at all btw), changing table, bassinet, and some hardware for them store in a side pocket of the case.  The folded playard is actually wrapped in the folded mattress (which has a convenient pocket for the manual) and then slid into the case so the wheels protrude out the bottom and the whole thing can be rolled like a piece of luggage.  It takes some practice figuring out the right configuration to pack it up into, but it's not that bad.  I put the actual playard together first, which is very easy and could be done in under a minute.  When locked into place, it's quite sturdy, which was one of the selling points.  Yeah, it's heavy, but you're not going to be carrying this thing around all day, it's supposed to be a safe place for the baby to play.  The wheel locks were flimsy, they could be a potential problem in the future, but I think I can get by without them.  It won't fit through a standard sized door, but did anyone really expect it to or measure?  If you need to move it, you should find a safe place for your baby in the mean time, don't try to one hand it.The bassinet was next, and after one time through became much easier.  You have to pay attention to orientation (it has a remote pocket that gets covered by the changing table if it's on backwards), but I'd say about 5 minutes or less to assemble that after the first time through.  Seems plenty sturdy and simple.  The changing table came after that, you have to attach two frame pieces which are a bit cumbersome and irritating, but allow it to be way sturdier than competitors.  Once assembled it zips on and attaches with 4 buckles and the frame is fully supported by the playard frame.  This was and continues to be one of the selling points, it's the only one I'd consider usable from those that I looked at, the others were too flimsy for me to consider safe.  It also stores quickly and easily by undoing the buckles and flipping it over the side.  The pockets on the side aren't huge, but are enough to stuff the case and maybe some other small things into.The two "gimmicky" things are hit or miss.  I like the light/music/vibrating device, though as most have said, the vibration is pretty light.  So far it works as advertised.  The mobile will probably never get used, it's not easy to attach to the mattress (4 velcro straps on the bottom of the mattress), has to be removed to used the changing table, and as I said, doesn't move at all.  We'll probably ditch it for something that'll be more visually stimulating.  Not necessarily a bad thing, it'll save room in the case, which leads me into my next topic, repacking.As I said, the task was daunting, but easier than expected.  The playard folds as easily as it unfolds, and once the awkward wrapping of the mattress is done, it's easy.  It took three times to get the orientation right (the handle needs to be 90 degrees clockwise from the wheels to line up right in the case) but I think I'll remember from here on out.  Sliding that assembly into the case is the worst part, I'd suggest having someone help or inverting the entire thing and sliding the case over the wheels from the top.  A little tucking, stashing the electronics in the top, zipping, and the hard part's done.  The other pieces all go back into the side pocket without too much of a struggle (even less of one once you ditch the mobile) and you're good to go.Packed up, this is about the size of a kids golf bag, so by no means small.  Combined with a stroller, it'll fill most of a trunk, but it's still relatively portable.  I'm guessing we'll be leaving the changing table and bassinet at home most of the time, which will allow about a 30% volume reduction.  Durability remains to be seen, but for the price I paid, I'm happy with my purchase.