I've tried other commonly available cord wranglers to keep dangerous blinds cords away from the kitties. This is the only one that has worked for me.You wind the excess length of your blinds around two discs on the back of the wrap-up, and you "lock" the cords in place by pulling them through a couple of notches in the discs. This effectively shortens your cord by gathering it up in the wrap-up. I've had the cords slip out of the notches a couple of times and start unwinding, but some careful figure-8 wrapping seems to keep that under control.Assuming you use your blinds regularly and don't leave them either open or closed all the time, and that you want to leave the device on your blinds rather than attach it for occasional use, you'll wrap up all the cord length that's hanging down when your blinds are closed (otherwise the device would keep you from being able to close them). When you then open your blinds by pulling on the cord with the wrap-up at the end, you've got another 3-5 feet of unwrapped cord to deal with. That cord is just as dangerous to cats as the rest of it and needs to be secured. At this point I either wrap the excess cord loosely around the device (not locking it in to the little notches) before attaching it to the window, or I attach the wrap-up high on the opposite side of the window so the extra cord spans the window width and stays far out of kitty reach. The suction cups have worked reliably well for the two months I've been using these.This may not be the most attractive solution out there, particularly when there's excess cord strung across the top of your window, but it beats the hassle of winding and unwinding cords morning and night, or of cords getting tangled inside other wranglers. If you don't want to look at the device, you can attach it up high, behind the gathered blinds, when they're open, and when they're closed just tuck the cord between/behind the blinds. (They still look kinda silly from outside, if anyone is that close to your windows and cares to judge.) But they get the five stars for kitty safety and reliability, which are the things that matter most to me.