I love this seat! After a ton of research we purchased this seat for baby #3.  We previously owned a Graco Snugride 35 which we hated, and wanted something lighter and more modern looking for our baby girl.  I debated between the 2013 Aton 2 the 2014 Aton 2 and the soon to be released Aton Q.  From my research I learned that the only change to the 2014 Aton 2 were the colors so I ended up finding this 2013 Aton 2 for $209 from Albee Baby.  I saw some places are still selling the 2013 Aton 2 for $299.00 so I feel like this was an excellent deal! They are also selling the 2014 Aton 2 for $299.  I read that the Aton Q wont be released in time for at least a month or two which will not meet my time frame although it looks like it will have a ton of great features for more $$ ofcourse.As far as the Aton 2 goes this is a great seat especially at $209!Pros:-Love the Color and modern design. Violet Spring is slightly darker then I expected but I still love it.-Love all the  European Safety feature such as the load leg, andextra LSP.  Also made with the ESP Foam-Extremely light weight(8.5lbs) but not cheap or flimsy feeling.-Well padded seems like it will be comfy for baby-High soft quality fabric.-Easy to re-thread to adjust for baby's growing height.  I was really hoping to get the Q which will have the adjustable harness, but I pleasantly surprised that the Aton was very easy to re-thread.  It is much easier than my old Snugride.-Extremely easy to install-Base is very compact-Purchased from Albee Baby on Amazon- extremely pleased! shipping was quicker then expected and product was in great shape!Cons--There is really only one Con is can see right now, the sun shade.  The shade is tiny and barely comes over the top of the carseat.  It is also very noisy to move.  If the shade is up and you try to put the handle bar back it bumps into which I can see will get annoying. I read a review somewhere that mentioned another shade they purchased instead Im going to search for that and purchase it.  I will add the name of it to my review.  I did read they fixed this issue with the Aton Q.For me the sun shade is not a deal breaker, and I love everything else about the seat.  If they still have the 2013 on sale I would definitely recommend grabbing it now! Otherwise I still think the 2014 Aton 2 is worth the $$.