to be honest, i was debating between this and the oxo tot blocks for freezing the kids food in portions...and so I bought both.  the oxo tot blocks are awesome. but i quickly learned that once the tot block is in the freezer, it'll stay there until the kid eats the food...so I'd need a lot of tot blocks to accomplish my task.the kiddo feedo is genius!  the 9 circle portions makes for easy "pop-out" of the frozen food (to put in a labeled ziplock bag), and super easy cleanup with no corners for food to get stuck.  i haven't tried freezing all foods yet, but all the foods i've tried so far (apples&blueberries, sweet potatoes, mixed veggies, etc) haven't stuck to the silicone.  i haven't stored food long-term in the kiddo feedo cause I'm too excited to start my next batch of food.I have to admit tho, when I first received my kiddo feedo, one of the silicone clips on the cover was missing.  i was bummed so I emailed customer service about this and got a response the very next day apologizing and stating that another tray is on its way to me at no cost (and I can use my current tray as an ice cube tray, a finger food tray or a paint palette).  like wow!5 stars for the tray and 5 stars for the awesome customer service!!**8/2015 update**A year later and I still use my kiddo feedo trays (the broken clip one too) at least 2x per month to freeze things in portions.  I LOVE them!  the silicone hasn't degraded at all, the food (fruits, veggies, chickens, etc) pops out easily, and it cleans so wonderfully.  love love love!the only downside that I noticed was that the food in the center compartment doesn't freeze as fast as the other compartments.  it may be due to the inefficiencies of my freezer, but to work around that, I pop out the contents of the outer compartments, fill them up with my next batch of food, and put it back in the freezer (no, I don't wash the tray in between freezer batches...sounds gross, I know, but seriously, the food doesn't stick to it, and I'd rather be spending some QT with the kid).I'd recommend the kiddo feedo tray to anyone!