I love my uppababy vista!  I had such a hard time picking out a stroller, I live in the middle of no where and my only options to test drive nice strollers would have been to drive 3 hours one way.  I couldn't make myself do it.  Instead I relied on online reviews/video reviews (rated by mom.com) to check out all of the top strollers.  The Vista is pricey but a much more affordable alternative to the Bugaboo and Orbit systems.  I am so glad I went with the Vista.  It handles amazingly, turns on a dime.  Wow!  The ride is as smooth as you can get without air tires, I didn't want to deal with inflating tires, etc.  I love that I can reverse the toddler seat to face me and with the Uppababy infant snuggler and the seat recline, my two month old has been using this since he turned a month old.  I love being able to stroll and watch him, and it makes replacing the pacifier that he keeps dropping a million times so much easier when he is facing me :)  The bassinet came in handy during those first few weeks.  Love that it comes with the mosquito netting and the rain cover.  Go ahead and get the infant car seat adapter, we have a chicco and it works perfectly with the adapter.  We find that we use both the toddler seat with infant insert and the car seat adapter equally.  Toddler seat with infant insert works better for when he will be sitting a while, and we want him to be more comfortable and the car seat adapter works for those short in and out trips and you don't want to wake baby to take him out.  My husband is 6'2 and I am 5'3 this stroller works great for both of us.  The handle actually extends, but my husband never needs to extend it, he walks just fine at the shortest height.  Love that you don't kick the frame while walking, my husband especially loves that.  I would never hear the end of it if his legs were constantly kicking the frame in front of him.  Love the huge basket!!!  Wow!  I am able to get my groceries (short trip) in there, I was even able to get a box that I was taking to the post office (pretty big) and his diaper bag!  This stroller has kicked butt in the grass, gravel driveways, cobblestone, and uneven sidewalks!  Again, I really think that the only way you could get a smoother ride would be to get air filled tires.  The brake is so nice and easy to tap on and off!  Folding is easy, but unfortunately not a one hand fold.  But you only need your second hand for a literal second.  I was able to get it out of the back of our CRV and set up with a two month old in my hands.  Same for putting it back in the car.  It isn't easy, but can be done.  The sun canopy can't be beat!!!  I haven't seen another one like it.  Some cons: it is really heavy (not for you if you live in the middle of the city and need to get on and off public transportation) and does not come with a cup holder.  I haven't found that I have really needed the cup holder though, that's just me.  I think there is one you can add on.  I have taken this baby to the mall, shops on our main street, downtown Asheville, WalMart, the grocery store.  I have had no trouble getting in and out of stores or around in the aisles of shops.We knew from the second we unpacked it and from how easy it was to set up, that we had purchased a quality product.  I can brag enough about this stroller.  It's perfect for us!  I am so glad that we splurged on it!