Note: I think I have a slightly older model than the one listed here because it doesn't bounce.  However, that hasn't been an issue for us as our daughter seems to love her Tiny Steps just the way it is.We received a used Tiny Steps walker as a gift, and I decided to leave it at my mother's house so my almost 4-month-old daughter would have an upright entertainer to use during visits.  At home, we have both a jumperoo and an exersaucer, and she will stay in those for maybe 5-10 minutes at the most before fussing to come out.  (She seems to become fairly easily overwhelmed with lots of flashing lights and electronic sounds.)  I figured the same would be true of the Tiny Steps, but boy, was I wrong!The first time I put her in the Tiny Steps (with the brakes on), she was delighted.  Even with the music playing and the lights flashing on the Mini Maestro, she didn't become overwhelmed and would have happily stayed in as long as I was willing to allow it.  Right now, we're only using it as a stationary entertainer with the brakes on; soon, though, once she becomes a bit stronger and more coordinated, we'll release the brakes and let her move around the house in it (under CLOSE supervision to prevent accidents).  It doesn't seem to move as easily on rugs as on tile or hardwood floors, so it takes a bit more effort on the child's part to move the Tiny Steps over carpet.I must say that one of the things I like best about the Mini Maestro toy on the Tiny Steps is the way it has both electronic elements (electronic music, flashing lights) as well as "analog" elements (a steering wheel that makes a non-electronic "clack-clack" sound when turned, a horn that gives a non-electronic "honk" when pushed).  Call me old-fashioned, but I'm not a fan of having everything be electronic, and I was delighted to see that my daughter's favorite thing to do so far with the Mini Maestro is turn the steering wheel to hear the clack-clack sound.Overall, while this toy doesn't have the kinds of bells and whistles of many of the exersaucers and other entertainers out there, I think that especially for a younger child it does an excellent job of capturing attention without being too overwhelming.  The fact that the Mini Maestro can be removed for use as a separate toy and that the Tiny Steps converts into a walk-behind toy for toddlers only adds to its versatility and value.