First off, some comments on the item itself - This little guy is super cute, and works great on both our hard floors and even on the carpet. Lightweight and easy to maneuver, but also very sturdy and stable. It was purchased as a gift for our baby's first birthday, but both our two and four-year olds have ridden on it as well.Now on to the information that I hope will save another family from going through the guesswork of Small vs. Large -Our daughter just turned one. She is 32" tall and has a 10" inseam. After reading the various reviews available we erred on the side of caution and bought the Small version of this Wheely Mouse. When we opened it it looked terribly small, and after trying to seat her on it and get her to move it around, it was apparent that we should have purchased the Large. Her feet were flat on the floor with knees bent and legs outstretched. The seat depth was insufficient - as soon as she slipped back even a little on the back while digging her feet in to move sideways or backwards she slid right off the back. She hulked over the top of it to the point that when she leaned forward to get it moving she practically fell over the top of the handle. So back in the box it went and we ordered the Large. I kept the Small to use as a comparison in the hopes that my pictures and review would help another parent figure out which one to buy.The first picture is her seated on the Large - notice her feet DO touch, albeit not very much. She still has plenty of leverage to push herself about on the hard floors. I can see it taking a few months to get to the point of being able to ride it on the carpet though. Second picture is her on the Small. Notice sprawled legs, bent knees, and feet flat on the floor. The third and fourth pictures are just to show the relative sizes of the two toys. Long story short, I'd rather have her grow into it a bit than only be able to ride it for a few months. Plus, our two and four-year olds can actually ride this one too, and do when the little is down for her nap.P.S. - not sure why the pictures are loading the way they are - they are all upright on my PC but continuously load sideways and upside-down on here. Perhaps they will sort themselves out...?