I bought this to drown out the LA traffic near my place and the 7:30 a.m. "Ballet of the Garbage Trucks" (they do daily shows on my block; apparently my neighborhood creates enough waste to necessitate daily pick-ups. Not me, though: R,R,R!).Anyway, even though it's marketed to babies, I use it unabashedly. I generally sleep to white noise (fan, sound machine, the *whoosh* of night air in the wilderness as it dances with a babbling brook not far from where I set my tent in the Sierras...). And this product does the job. I haven't switched it from "white noise," so I can't comment on the other tracks. "Heartbeat," may be great for a young child, but I don't need to spend my night in psychological fear of some phantom intruder (I think movies programmed us to associate "heartbeat" with imminent axe-stabbing).The volume allows it to get quite loud too.My only complaint would be the green-color plastic. It doesn't go with my monochromatic palette. But then again, I am a grown-man using a sound machine.***UPDATE (02/04/2016)***Don't worry! This isn't like one of those other updates that you find for products that warns of a failed, poorly-designed, tiny machine that electrocuted a loved one in their sleep... and then stole their wallet. Quite the opposite: this little plastic disc with its array of magical noises is still going strong after 3 years! And now I have a girlfriend* who sometimes shares my bed!She isn't into the hypnotic vibes of white noise, so we reached a compromise to try other settings. I'll give a brief recap of my foray into new twilight auras:-- "Ocean" is probably the most accurate and realistic. I woke up trying to shake sand out of my hair.-- "Thunder" is a bit much. "Electrical Storm" would be a better descriptor. I wish there was more rain between the crashes.-- "Summer Night" is an orchestra of crickets all vying for First Chair. More like the feisty crickets of the jungle than the timid Midwestern crickets that I grew up with.-- "Brook" had me getting up every few hours to urinate. I would avoid this unless you're on a cleanse diet.-- "Heartbeat" ...NOOOOOOOOOOOOOoooooooo!!!!!!!!I hope my nights of experimental sleep (and occasionally its deprivation) provided you with a better understanding of your sound options on this great little device. Still "5 Stars" by me.*I don't guarantee that this machine will get you a girlfriend of boyfriend. In fact, my girlfriend laughed at me the first time she slept over.Then I laughed when I switched it over to "heartbeat" at full blast while she was sleeping.****No, she didn't break up with me.