As parents we are constantly replacing things that our littles grow out of. This is not one of those things! I've had these for almost a year and I really love them.When my youngest started eating purees, I would stock up on veggies every three months and spend a Sunday in the kitchen, steaming, pureeing, and freezing baby food. It's so easy to make healthy and delicious homemade food, and even though it can be a little time consuming it's totally worth it. You can also make any combination you want or layer the cubes. They are really easy to empty, it just makes your fingers freeze a bit from working the frozen cubes out but it really isn't difficult since they are so flexible. These are not airtight and not meant for long term storage, just for the actual freezing into a mold then transfer to an airtight container.Once he started transitioning to table food, I was still able to use these because 1) he would revert back to purees, even if it was the very same food he would prefer it "baby style" maybe because of teething, but either way it was nice to have purees on hand when needed. And 2) they are great for other dishes like pasta! I made a batch of whole grain pasta with sauce, veggies, and chicken. I filled these up and they froze really well. It can be used for other dishes as well, depending on consistency.These are also great for popsicles, frozen yogurt or homemade ice cream, jello molds (jello shots?), large ice cubes, frozen coffee (good with Bailey's lol), frozen juice, whatever...I would recommend that if you plan on freezing foods in large batches, you might want to get more than one set. I only had one set and just never really bothered with getting another one, but making foods in large batches can take a while to freeze everything. Also, one tray of full cubes fits perfectly into a quart size freezer bag. Then I take a few of those and put them in a gallon size freezer bag for extra protection and to help keep everything together in the freezer.For the price (which has gone down a little since I purchased them in Feb 2016) these are absolutely worth it. Yes, you can freeze things in plain ol ice cube trays, but I love these for the larger size and the flexibility/ease of removing the cubes. Big thumbs up from this momma!