Total lifesaver. I'm an experienced business traveler with well over a million miles under my belt - but faced with taking my 2.5 year old son (in his own seat) and 10 month old daughter (lap child) on a plane by myself i was pretty scared. I can deal with thy crying but I couldn't figure out how to keep the toddler from just plain escaping down the plane aisle. I researched the FAA approved belt which seemed like a good option but i was a bit sceptical because it needs to be attached over the seat back and we were flying first class where the seats are very different. Plus it is expensive. Enter the Mini Travelmate! Perfect idea if it would work.We have several carseats and when i purchased the travelmate i had intended on using it with our Recaro pro-ride which is listed as compatable. However, my husband nixed the idea since its our most expensive seat and wanted me to take our cheepo Evenflo (i don't even know the model) instead.  This was a little bit of a problem since it didn't turn out to be compatable. But my handy husband spent 2 hours in the garage bolting a special cut extra wood piece to the travelmade platform to create a custom fit for resting the seat bottom on. It turned out perfect and allowed the carseat to snap into place with no effort. I practiced at home and could put the evenflo carseat onto the travelmade with one hand while wearing the baby.When it came to travel day, I wore my baby in a front pack, had a backpack carryon, and pulled the toddler in his seat around the airport effortlessly. Plus when the toddler wanted to walk, i could put my 10 month old in the travelmate and let the toddler walk on a leash. Boarding the plane, i just simply unhooked the toddler seat one handed and lifted it up into the airplane seat (all while wearing my baby) and let my toddler climb on up. The travelmate then colapses small enough to go under the seat in front of us. Super fast and no stress about making people behind us wait.I still don't recommend traveling alone with 2 kids - but if you have to, this is the way to go.