My daughter uses Zoli cup to drink water and we love it, but I wanted to get something else for her milk cup. (I love Zoli cup, but its straw is too skinny that it's hard to clean.)I haven't tried this on my 15 month old daughter yet, but so far I like this from a parent's point.Pro:1) It does not leak. I filled the cup with water and left it sideways for more than an hour. It did not leak.2) Easy to suck the liquid out. I tried Vital Baby straw cup, but that was really hard to suck. This one I had no problem.3) It can be taken apart to 5 pieces: bottle, inside cover, outside cover, bottom straw, top straw, for easy cleaning.4) Straws are wide enough to be cleaned easily unlike Zoli straw cups. The top straw has some kind of a stopper with cross slit in it (similar to Zoli straw on top), which prevents the liquid to come out.5) The thread of the cup is big enough that it doesn't mis-thread as Zoli cup did.6) Replacement straw is much cheaper than Zoli's.Con:1) I think it has some new plastic smell. Very slight, but I noticed first time I used it. I'm hoping it will go away.2) It's hard to "operate" it until you figure it out.- You need to push the cover/lid inward (not downward) in order to take both covers off. Otherwise just the outer cover will keep rotating. In other word, you have to rotate it lightly to get straw out, otherwise the whole cover will come off and it might give you a surprise spill.- You need to align the outer and inner covers before you take them apart. Hard to align them unless the covers are attached to the cup.3) Having to rotate the cover might be hard if you have/had De Quervain syndrome (mother's thumb).4) Straw will give you a splash if you don't open it slowly. I leave my pointing finger around the straw so it won't snap out.= Update, Feb 10, 2014 =My daughter loves this and has no problem drinking from it. Assembly was hard at first, but it's no problem once we figured it out. There is a small piece of paper enclosed in the bottle with instruction.= Update, Jan 13, 2015 =After almost a year, we still love this straw cup! Its straw is still in good condition, despite the fact my daughter is a straw biter. I don't even see any teeth mark on it. We noticed that the liquid gets pushed out if the liquid's (or more like inside of the cup's) temperature change, but that's expected. Just keep the liquid always cold or same temperature :) My daughter threw it onto the ground numerous times, but it still holds up very well. We have one at her day care, and the other at home for day to day use. Highly recommended!