It makes life so much easier not to have to lug around the port-a -potty while out in public. These covers are large enough to cover the front and sides of the seat where children place their hands to hold the seat and where feet dangle. It even drapes along the inside  of the rim of the seat to ensure full coverage. They have one side that's plastic and water resistant.In case I do bring along our foldable potty, I can just place a cover on a public toilet and put the seat on top of it so it stays clean.Obviously anyone can use these while out in public. They're wrapped in individual packets about the width of a credit card and about 1.5x longer.UPDATE: It's been over a year since I ordered these and I'm back for more. I did a brief overview of the different brands and realized there was absolutely nothing wrong with these ones I had purchased before. "If it ain't broke…". These were large enough to drape along the inside of the rim, they had tape, the had a plastic side, cute neutral design they're even priced mid-range, if not cheaper than most. They're absolutely perfect.We are expats living in a 3rd world country who also fly a lot. When we go out in public, there are usually no toilet paper or sometimes even toilet seats, just the rim of the "western' toilet for my pre-schooler to sit on. I try to always pack my diaper bags with 2 of these covers, a pack of travel tissue, a pack of wet wipes, and a roll of Arm and Hammer baggies to toss it all away in if there is no garbage pail in the stall.These covers have two small plastic tabs on the underside that adhere to the seat. I usually am able to remove the cover from the package, unfold with one hand, then easily remove the tabs and stick it to the seat fairly quickly. I must then strategically sit my child from above so as not to move the cover out of place, exposing the wet or otherwise disgusting seat (seats and floors here are soaking wet many times, as toilet paper is not used, rather a hose with water to wash). The fact that I came looking to find a better seat cover and reverting back to these is a testament to how well they work for me and the convenience they provide. Also, the individual packaging helps them to stay folded and neat when placed in different bags and pockets.