I'm well pleased with all of the items in this set. The price of the set seems to be somewhat less than buying them separately. This would make an amazing shower gift, especially if the parents are also avid home cooks (see below on the freezer and storage containers). And the gender neutral green is bright and cheery without being obnoxious.The bib is outstanding--great for a messy baby, and also excellent for a toddler working on self-feeding skills. The big trough at the bottom can even hold a great deal of spilled milk! There's a good size range with the adjustable velcro. Our toddler has been using one since she was very small and I'm still happy with it. Just spray it down then wipe the cloth off and hang it on the high chair, and it's dry by the next meal.The sippy cup works well, is easy to clean, and does not leak. In fact, it's so effective that when my daughter tucked it, half full of milk, into a disused tote bag, I didn't find it for several weeks because there was no smell.The snack cup is fantastic, successfully coralling cheerios or other small snacks until they're pulled out, a couple at a time. There's an extra travel lid, but I've thrown it in my bag without the lid, and had no stray cheerios.You'll probably outgrow the freezer tray really quickly for baby food, unless you're starting really early. But it's excellent for freezing fond, pureed herbs, and compound butter once your baby is eating more than just a wee bit.Ditto the little containers. Our baby outgrew the 2oz cups pretty rapidly, but they're still very handy for general cooking use. I think they'll get another life when she's in school for snacks and condiments (or for an adult who takes her lunch).While I love the silicon-coated spoons for scraping up everything, and being gentle on teeth, they're just too small for everything but first meals. If I fed my toddler with that dinky thing, I'd be at it all day. The coating is inspired, but a teaspoon-sized spoon would be much more useful.