I started off wanting to exclusively use one type of cloth diaper (gDiapers) but quickly found out that, since babies come in all different shapes and sizes, not all cloth diaper solutions work for every baby in every situation.These diapers say they are for babies from about 7lbs to 35lbs and I would say that is probably perfect although we are only about 13lbs so I can't speak to the top end.  As far as the small end, I actually prefer this diaper for the smaller babes because you dont have to mess with snaps and you can adjust the rise to exactly what you need by folding the front down.  I would think that by the time you got up into 30 lbs however, it would pretty much be a shell to hold soakers as there is no way this would be enough absorbency for a toddler.There is a attached long soaker that can be folded in half for smaller babes.  this is enough wetness for average wetters and overnight for small babes.  I currently am using this on 12lb 3 month old twins for overnight use and it works but if left on much over 8 hours we start gambling with leaks.I started using these with my twin girls when I was looking for an overnight solution that would allow me to go 4 hours between diaper changes without leaks. They were about 7-8 lbs at this time and very tall and skinny. This snugged right up without leaving any marks and we haven't had any leaks unless it was left on too long.I was not sure how I felt about the no faster situation but I actually like it.  I use a Snappi fastener with it an I can make very precise adjustments because I am not limited by snaps or velcro.  This actually would allow for the diaper to be used on a slightly smaller baby if needed but there is some bulk once the front is folded down.We have used these with Econobum covers, Rumparooz and Thirsties size 1 covers as well as wool and they make a great system.For those having problems with absorbency, the problem is likely in cloth diapering basics: you must prep (wash) the diaper and insert about 6 times before use. Wash with twice the water and half the detergent and pre and post rinse. As your baby gets into the 15+ lbs arena, however, especially if they are heavy wetters, you may want to add a doubler especially for overnight.  And remember this is a FITTED diaper and MUST be used with a COVER (plastic or wool) at all times!Bottom Line: Decent diaper that will fit through a variety of sizes, often will work as an overnight solutionPros: Decent absorbency as-is especially in the smaller sizes, almost unlimited size adjustment, will definitely fit from birth to PTCons: Will need doublers for absorbency as your babe hits the midway mark