I bought this swing because we have limited living space PLUS I hate waste. I hoped with this product to save both and to prolong the life of the equipment such that when the baby couldn't use the bouncy seat any longer he could hopefully still use the swing. Additionally, some swings are so incredibly (and unnecessarily) complicated nowadays! I was looking for a swing that is pretty simple to put together and operate. This product comes through, though I do think it has some design flaws. Overall, I am glad I bought this product and would recommend it despite those flaws. Specifically:Pros:(1) Power SourceThe swing can run off both batteries and a power cord. This is great because you don't have to worry about used up batteries, but do have the option not to be tied to a wall outlet.The bouncy seat runs off of batteries, but it does not use the batteries up quickly. The switch on the bouncy seat is very sensitive so I have accidentally turned it on and left it on for a long time several times, but after months of use, we haven't had to replace batteries yet.(2) AppearanceYou can see this from the picture, but the swing is not tacky at all, which is a plus because some swings are kinda gross looking - or at least very garish. The point of a swing is not exactly that it looks tasteful, but since it does have to go in your home, it's nice that this one is fairly tasteful.(3) You can use the vibration of the bouncy seat and the swing at the same time.This is very very helpful to me. When my baby is overtired, it really does help to have him in that vibrating seat. But it's even better that I can turn on the seat for the first minute or so of swinging and it enables me to get the best of both worlds. It occurred to me to try this after watching the video of Dr. Karp's "happiest baby on the block" when he wiggled a swing from side to side first, and then turned on the forward motion of the swing. I think the vibrations plus the swing have the same effect.(4) Great soundYou can choose between music, nature and WHITE NOISE. White noise is awesome during the first three months when baby is getting used to being outside the womb. This works great both in theory and in practice.(5) Light weightI am less than 5 feet tall and am not very strong. Yet I can pick up both the bouncy seat and the swing (though the swing is large and therefore cumbersome if you are carrying, but that makes it sturdy).(6) Easy to assembleI put it together myself without the help of my husband. That's saying something.(7) SafeEasy to strap your child into the 5 point harness. Also it's possible to omit the shoulder straps if it annoys your fussy baby or if you just need to pop your kid in quickly and then pop him out again quickly.(8) 3 position seat on the swing.This enabled me to use the swing earlier and I expect it to keep it working for my child longer as he grows.Cons:These are all design flaws that are just dumb. Graco should really come out with a 2.0 version of this that fixes these issues.(1) No toys for bouncy seat.You don't always want hanging toys on a bouncy seat, so a removable metal rod with toys for the child to look at is really what one wants. Instead, the hanging dogs are attached to the swing and do not move with the seat. The reason for this is that this product has a tray that has a place for removable toys. However, there is only one version of this swing that comes with those toys, but that version is pretty much not on the market anymore. And the toys are not available any place for purchase. From what I can tell Graco had this idea of selling the toys that would fit on multiple products but then didn't go through with it for some reason. This is just silly.(2) Tray on seat does not latch.This is the big issue and why this product gets 4 stars from me instead of 5. The fact that the tray does not latch is more annoying than anything because the tray is attached to the seat and therefore services both the bouncy seat and the swing. Thus I'm carrying around this product with the tray flopping around.The latching mechanism is extremely cheep. It's just a little plastic wedge that sticks out of the side of the seat and the tray is supposed to click over it. Unfortunately it usually doesn't catch. This doesn't create a safety issue, but it's just really irritating. I may eventually just remove the tray when my son gets a bit bigger and starts messing with it since you don't need to use the tray to truly secure your child in the seat. But I do not feel you should have to re engineer products you buy.Item of note:The little dogs on the swing that hang down are cute, but they are pretty high up. I was worried my son wouldn't be able to see them, but he was clearly looking at them at 5 weeks. Another interesting fact is that they are secured to the over hanging bar by Velcro, and so therefore they detach. I'm not yet sure if this is a good thing or not.