We just got our swing today and put it together. Our baby hasn't arrived yet, so I can't review it's performance in terms of soothing infants just yet, but overall we are very pleased with this swing!It really is beautiful and the fabrics have a really nice feel to them.  Nothing on the swing feels cheap at all!Our favorite part of the swing (and the reason we chose it) is the removable infant seat. I havent sen any other swings on the market with this functionality, and while the seat itself doesnt vibrate or rock to sooth baby when it's unattached, just the ability to move baby to another room Without disturbing them is a huge plus in my book.Another huge plus for us, is that this swing, while quite large, keeps baby high enough off the ground to keep our medium sized dog from pestering and licking baby. That was a big must for us and a lot of other swings were just too low to the ground in that regard.I also wanted to point out that while some of the negative reviews mentioned babies sliding out due to inadequate safety restraints, the swing now comes with a full 5 point harness built in. It is adjustable like a car seat so you can move the shoulder straps to a higher slot as the baby grows. You don't really see the harness in any of the photos because of the blanket cover but it is there and it is a secure system.The motor seemed a touch loud to us at first, but after a few minutes of it running we didn't really notice it, and it seemed more like it was a sound effect added into the music. I also know a lot of babies are soothed by white noise, so I think it actually may work to the swings advantage that the motor isn't fully silent.The only downside I see is that the frame seems a bit wobbly. I think we will put a weight on each leg just to add a bit of stability when baby arrives.We really love the music and sound effects and feel the volume is just perfect for soothing a baby. I wouldn't want it to go any louder personally.Overall, thus far, we are extremely pleased with our purchase. Can't wait for our sweet girl to arrive so we can test it properly. :)Update: our daughter is 6 months old and still uses this swing every day. It has been invaluable to us. For the first month when she was colicky and having trouble getting over a cold, this is the only place she would sleep. We would et the swing lull her to sleep and then carry the chair to my bedside and she would sleep in it, right next to me, all night. We wouldn't have survived that first month without this swing.I will say, the lack of motor on the mobile makes it rather useless. Also, we never use the shoulder straps on the 5 point harness as they just make our baby more uncomfortable and the swing really isn't unsafe without them. She doesn't like the motor up too fast anyways.