I have been so very happy with this bed rail! I didn't have any idea what I was going to get for my daughter, who was able to climb out of her crib since she was 16 months old, when I learned that most side rails are designed for twin beds instead of cribs. I was even told by an associate at Babies 'R' Us that my only option was to order a specialty rail through the crib manufacturer if I didn't want to upgrade my daughter to a twin bed. Thank goodness that was a bunch of nonsense because I was desperate for a solution. My daughter had become so good at climbing in and out of the crib that she did it once when she was half asleep. Fortunately she was fine, just scared when she landed hard, but I was so desperate for a solution that we considered just converting her bed to a twin and having done with it. We really didn’t want to go this route because her toddler mattress is a really nice one, and she doesn’t need a bed that big yet. Needless to say I was thrilled to find that there was a highly rated, fairly inexpensive crib rail. I only regret that I didn't know about it sooner.We have been using this rail for about 6 months now and we have been so pleased with it. My daughter has never rolled out of bed or had any trouble with the rail at all. It is also pretty sturdy because I have seen her pull, stand on, and basically abuse it in every way imaginable (one of her favorite things to do is smoosh her face up against the mesh and make faces at me) and it doesn't have so much as a scratch. The installation process was fairly simple and painless, and my daughter was absolutely fascinated by the fact that her crib had, in her words, “a big hole in it.” We have a Graco Charleston Classic White Crib and it was a perfect fit. I don’t ever use the feature that allows you to fold down the rail, but it works well enough, although, and this is most likely due to the fact that I never use it, it always takes me a moment to remember what to do to lower it.I have attached a picture of my daughter enjoying her modified crib. And no, my daughter doesn’t sleep with 3 giant pillows, this is how she occasionally watches Peg + Cat in the mornings.