As a gadget geek, I'm not easily impressed by gadgets, but I'm impressed by this one.  We have a new baby infant.  And at first, I was not entirely convinced that we needed a video monitor (we already have an audio monitor a friend gave us).  Having had this video monitor now for 3 weeks, my wife finds it indispensable while I find it surprisingly useful.  In our 2000sq-ft single-story wood-frame home, the reception is great everywhere, and the picture is clear.  We have a 802.11g wireless network in the house (2.4GHz) and a set of 5.8GHz cordless phones, and there is no interference with this 900MHz video monitor.  But be warned: although the product is advertised as "color," the video is virtually black-and-white almost all the time, not color.  Even during the day when baby's room is filled with sunlight (which are the best conditions to see color, according to the user manual), the picture is black-and-white with just a shade of color.  In other words, don't expect actually seeing much color from this monitor.  So why did I give it 5 stars?  ...because I don't care much about the color, and the product works so well.  It's self-explanatory with no real setup needed (a rarity in the world of electronics).  The monitor provides excellent night vision (black and white, of course).  The video camera and mount (which needs to be plugged in, of course) is quite flexible in its possible mounting configurations.  The video handset, though slightly bulky, can be clipped to your belt to allow you to wander.  There is a large soft button on top of the handset that toggles the video on and off to save batteries, or it can be plugged in so that you can leave the video on all the time.  It works also as a regular audio monitor, but you can turn the audio off and rely on the green-orange-red LEDs to visually indicate how much noise the baby is making (this feature is brilliant and is more useful than you might think).  You can even plug in a headset to the handset to listen to your baby privately if you wish.  The only other drawback besides the  always-black-and-white picture is that the rechargeable battery pack is a proprietary unit that can't be replaced with standard rechargeable AA batteries.  As with all rechargeable batteries, it has a finite life, and when it dies, I'll be forced to buy their expensive replacement.  But that's in the future, so I'll forgive it for now.  One final recommendation: buy the model with the bigger 2.5" screen rather than the  smaller screen (it's only slightly more expensive).  It's much easier on the eyes and provides better detail.