I had this in my 'save for later' queue for about two years. I love organizer products, and I know Munchkin is a good company...but it looked a little flimsy, didn't have one of those tablet holders (still not sure how I feel about those, or iPads in the car, anyway), and I seriously do try to combat my organizer obsession by regularly asking myself, "Do I really need one more Thing To Put Things In right now?"  One day, it dropped below $10 and I was trying to hit the $35 mark for same day shipping, so I threw it into the cart. I'm so glad I did! It's not meant to last a lifetime, but it is sturdier than I thought, and easy to wipe clean. It 'installed' in about two seconds. Best of all, my preschool daughter LOVES it, and the backseat assistance requests have dropped significantly. It's not a piece of luggage or a full-on toybox-lunchbox-second home; don't cram it full of All The Things on a regular basis and except the seams and zippers to hold. But it keeps a snack pod, a small water bottle, a mini pack of Kleenex or saline wipes, and some crayons and whatever microscopic Shopkin/My Little Pony/LaLaLoopsy mini-toy she has dragged out of the house within her reach at all times. I also got two bonuses I wasn't expecting. First, I can drop my own keys and phone into an empty pocket while I'm doing a quick booster seat install or adjustment instead of trying to remember where I put them (on the roof? in the front seat? in my purse?) when I'm ready to roll. Second, I'm saving a fortune in tiny hair clips and barrettes (as well as the aforementioned demonic mini-toys) that used to go missing as she entered and exited the car and now end up safely tucked away in the bottom of one of these pockets. ("Oh, there you are, Pinky Pie!") They market this (or used to) primarily as a baby stuff organizer. I definitely do not regret waiting until my child was old enough to use it independently and big enough to reach it herself from her seat. In retrospect, it would have driven me crazy to constantly reach into the back seat to hand her things that were dangling just beyond her reach.