Fisher Price happens to be a favorite around our household ever since we've had our little one.  I was a bit skeptic when buying this high chair because I couldn't find any reviews on this specific one, so I figured I'd start my own review for everyone else.About the chair:This chair has 3 reclining positions, 7 height positions, a removable tray insert that goes on top of the main tray itself, the tray also has 4 positions for adjustment, a 3 point harness for safety, "Nano Tex" fabric for easy wipe up, and the chair itself folds up for storage.  The chair does not have wheels, BUT, it is VERY light, and should be easy enough to move if need be.  It also comes with a little toy that is easily removable to entertain baby while she waits for her food.My favorite Pros:I have to say that the fabric covering the high chair is very nice.  It's well padded, stain resistant, machine washable, and very soft. It is easily quickly wiped down with a sponge.  It's not a plastic - feeling material.  It's nice because in the Summer when my daughter is in her high chair, should she get a bit sweaty, she will still be comfortable, and not sticking to the high chair.  The tray is large, and with the insert, (which you don't have to use if you don't want to) this tray gives you options.EDIT:  Here we are 4 months later...  We wash the padding just like everyone should, and the seem is coming undone.  I'm very disapointed.  I will let you all know if the manufacturer is going to replace it.  7-19-11EDIT #2: I contacted Amazon.com via phone, and they replaced the entire high chair immediately.  Very pleased.Cons:The box and packaging say that the tray removes with one hand, which I will agree with.  BUT- it also says that the tray adjustment can be done "one handed" and that I disagree with.  In fact, the only thing I do not like about this chair, is putting on the tray.  Now granted, I am a new Mom, maybe I'm doing something wrong, but it takes a little more work than "one hand" to get the tray on and where I want it.  Like I said, one handed removal works fine.  I'm not too upset about the tray needing work to put on, though.  Because by the time I am putting the tray on, the baby will be strapped into her chair as I'm putting the tray on.  Also- the chair is a bit of a bear to put together (as most things are) but be prepared to spend about 20 to 30 minutes putting the chair together.With all of that being said, I do love this chair. It appears big enough to last us for a couple of years with one baby.  And if it holds up to the Fisher-Price standard quality, then I'll have it for our future children as well.  I see this as a great investment.  I give it 4 1/2 stars, but since it's not an option, I'll go ahead and put 5!I hope this review helped some of you to make a decision.  Good Luck!  =)