You can get the straight poop here, [...] I've been using cloth diapers for three years, since my first kid. He is about to be potty trained (we hope) but we've started using gDiapers on our second kid.So here's the short story. Cover + liner + insert. The cover is nice and soft with the velcro tabs in the back so hopefully the little one doesn't figure out how to open them. The liner is a snap in plastic-y sort of deal that keeps the moisture inside. The insert is the cotton pad that you take out when you change the diaper, and toss in the trash or flush down the toilet.Some benefits:* No more diaper pail. That alone does it for me. You flush the insert, easy peasy. MOST of the time the liner stays clean so you just leave it alone. Occasionally you get a little poop on it which can be wiped off or you can wash the liner. They give you a spare for each cover in the kit.* Smaller form factor. These are way less bulky than the cloth diapers we were using. I'd say they're a bit more bulky than a traditional disposable.* You can toss wet (not poopy) liners into a composter, if you have one.* You can toss them in the trash. They contain no plastic and the company claims they will bio-degrade in 50-150 years... which seems like a lot, but really isn't compared to traditional disposables which bio-degrade... never.* I like the velcro in the back. Our cloth diaper covers had the velcro in the front so we always had to make sure our daughter was wearing pants or shorts so she didn't get into them. Now, on hot days, she can go with just the diaper.* If you're flushing the insert, poop is going where it's supposed to. Most people don't realize that poop isn't supposed to go in the trash. Then it just go straight into the landfill and you have a dangerous biohazard that can propagate disease and is extremely unsanitary. The majority of people don't realize that, even with modern disposable diapers, you are supposed to rinse the poop out of them in the toilet so they go through the water/waste treatment that all our human waste goes through, making it somewhat safer for the environment and for us. Let's face it, people using disposables aren't interested in rinsing them in the toilet first. But with these, if you're flushing the insert, it all goes down the drain which is pretty nice.* They cost about the same as cloth diapers (via a service we use) and disposables. This is not counting the covers, which you would amortize over the life of your kid using diapers. But the inserts are about the same. I'm basing this off Amazon's price for a case of 4-32 count packages. Not counting the discount you get for the automatic fulfillment, which I hope to sign up for once Amazon has them in stock again.Some cons:* The covers are fairly expensive. On the up side, you don't need as many. We owned quite a few covers for our cloth diapers, but should get by with maybe 4 of the gDiaper covers. And only that many because we use a daycare and I don't want to have to shuttle covers back and forth every day. Anyway you save a fair bit of cash if you buy this kit, even if you already have one. I plan to get a second kit to get the two more covers I want.* You have to rip open the liner and dump out the absorbent middle. This might be gross for some people. My son has the messiest poops and if we were using these on him it might be pretty icky. But my daughter's poops are very compact and tidy so it's no big deal.* Some low-flow toilets don't like the bulk of the liner. If so, you might need two flushes to get it all down. gDiapers offers toll-free support and flushing help via an 866 number.Overall I'm very impressed with the design and implementation of this diaper. It's clear a lot of thought and planning went into them and they are very cool. I've been using them for a few days and I'm ready to say goodbye to my cloth diaper service.Now if Amazon would just get the liners back in stock, I'd be ready to go. Fortunately the Whole Foods in my neighborhood carries them also.