This is not a full product review and my rating has to be taken with a grain (or two) of salt!But I have been looking for a bag to fit my extremely large Britax Advocate CS (the one with the big hard plastic side "airbags") and, after talking to many companies, this is the only one still manufactured I could find (Britax seems to be out of stock indefinitely).You can confirm that for yourself with their customer service:J.L. Childress Co714-939-9376The rep I talked to there informed me that the other model (also sold here, much cheaper; I think it is called "ultimate") would not fit my carseat. She also said they recommend buying from Amazon, wal mart or rightstart rather than directly through them.I am taking several long trips to Europe within the next few weeks so I will soon have a chance to review the product features, construction and durability.Meanwhile, I hope this bit of information will be helpful.UPDATE 2/15/12: I have received the bag and can confirm that it fits the Advocate CS easily. I am looking forward to putting the bag through the test of several trans-Atlantic flights.UPDATE 2/29/2012: Just took a trip from CA to France, via London. I had planned on gate checking my carseat+ bag then using the whole set-up as a "stroller" in London. Things went well through security although the seat does not fit in the x-ray machine: I had to take it off the bag, have it manually inspected (bag went through x-ray) then put it back on. No big hassle even by mayself with a toddler (on leash!). The issue came from British Airways: they gate-checked then informed me that I could not get the bag back in London as it was going in the main luggage compartment! Just what I was trying to avoid to not get my carseat crushed by 50 lb suitcases!However, my carseat was delivered in France through the oversized section (it took a very long time) and was spotless so I assume it was treated very well. The bag did great and looks good as new.I am going to stick with a 4 star rating for now as I have a couple complaints: the top handle is adjustable (not sure why as it is pretty long) and very inconvenient (too soft and not close enough to the bag), the overall construction seems a bit flimsy and the finishing leaves a lot to be desired for the price (many loose threads). Finally, there is no bag-pack shoulder straps options and just one additional handle in the front.I'll update as we travel more but so far I am pretty happy with the product.