I have read the reviews after I bought these (rare in my world) and I'm glad I didn't read them first or I wouldn't have gotten these. The reason being so many people said that even with hardwood floors, the mat was too thin and uncomfortable. I have to disagree, but maybe it's because we just got it out a few days ago...not sure. I am 40, have bad hips, a dislocated tailbone (from the birth of our daughter) and am just in general restless after sitting for a few minutes anywhere. I sat on this mat for about 45 minutes and played with our 9-month old and didn't once feel uncomfortable. And I'm kind of a whiner. So, I would think if it was too thin, I'd at least notice it if not complain about it. With that said,  my husband put the mat together and did random placement of numbers/letters and because he isn't as OCD like me, he DID put them brown/green alternating, but did not put them in A-B-C-D order (and that's a good thing because apparently they don't alternate colors when they are in order).  That would have annoyed the crizzle out of me. Now that it's together randomly with the alternating colors, I like it better I think than if it was A-B-C-D order. It mixes it up.Also, someone said the parts inside the R and 6 could be a choking hazard. Um... in a word, no. They are about the diameter of a tennis ball. Maybe if you have a horse swallow them the horse would choke, but a baby couldn't possibly get the entire piece in their mouth to begin with. We even have one of those safety things that you put objects into to measure the size to see if it's a choking hazard or not (anything that fits inside is a choking hazard). There is no way either of those parts would fit. I could barely fit the entire thing in my mouth if I tried. Maybe if a kid ripped it or folded it, he/she could then put it in his/her mouth, but that is not going to happen with me as I supervise my kid while playing (a) and (b) my kid's mouth is not gargantuan and (c) the foam seems pretty stiff and sturdy so I'd be surprised if one could rip it or bend it.However, I'm interested to see if this foam is chemical-free or baby-chew-safe because my daughter did pull the pieces apart like a puzzle and start chewing on them. I told her "no" and put them back down and distracted her because I don't know the ingredients that make up the foam, and frankly, she needs to learn that not everything is safe to eat. But it does make me wonder since it's not listed on here what the foam is made from. If anyone knows, please do post it here.I'm otherwise, so far, happy with this purchase. I'll let you know if I change my mind in the future. Could happen. But so far, so good.