This bag has been in use a little over a month at the time of this review. I mainly use the diaper bag itself, and almost none of the extras, so this review will focus on that. Was worried about the quality after reading several reviews, but so far I am pretty pleased with the Dawn diaper bag (Sand/Cinnamon). I purchased the bag from Amazon Warehouse Deals, so I was expecting to find something wrong with it to begin with.The only issue I could find was that inside the small mom pouchette, there was a cut in the lining at the bottom. Looks like a snip from a pair of scissors which was really a letdown since I was looking forward to the pouchette the most. Not bad enough to return the whole thing. There is some "plastic coating" at 4 points along the top of the bag that looks like it could be of better quality considering the original cost of the bag; it's coated incompletely in some areas where it looks like I can pick if off with my fingernail.Haven't used the stroller straps so cannot attest to the quality/durability of those. I've used the long shoulder strap in order to wear the bag crossbody-style, and so far that has worked just fine. I just tuck it into the bag (I don't detach the strap) when not in use or when I decide to carry it using the handles.I love all of the pockets on the inside! I am the type of person that uses little pouches to keep things separated in my purse...I hate the clutter of a tote bag without pockets! Having so many pockets helps me to keep everything separate and organized, without it all being down at the bottom of the bag in a mess. On a day-to-day basis, I carry around these items for my toddler if we're out and about: 3 diapers, a travel pouch of wipes (using the Huggies reusable soft case), an extra outfit in a Ziploc bag (you could use the provided wet bag for this purpose, but I prefer to just throw away the Ziploc after I've had to use it to contain soiled clothing), disposable changing pads (for use in public bathrooms that I can also just toss when done vs. using the provided changing pad...also, less bulky), a container of snacks, a water cup, pouch of food/applesauce for emergencies, a slim (hard-sided) wipes container to hold travel bibs and placemats, and a package of tissues and/or Boogie Wipes (only carry these when he's got a runny nose from teething or being sick). Mommy supplies: phone, wallet (will use the pouchette once I patch up the hole), hand sanitizer, lip balm, lip gloss, and a zippered pouch of coupons. Occasionally I'll carry around a toy or hat for my son, depending where we're going. The bag holds a lot with room to spare! I anticipate adding in a thin muslin blanket when winter rolls around. I keep my phone and lip goodies in the zippered back pocket for ease of access, and the rest goes in the main compartment. I love that there's a zipper along the top to keep everything contained.I do have to point out that the 2 small pockets in front go unused. They are deep, but narrow. I can't seem to find a good use for them. My phone doesn't fit, and anything small that *does* fit falls to the bottom to where it's a hassle to fish them out since the narrow pockets only allow a few fingers to reach in. I think you could maybe put a pen in there.Overall, it's a beautiful bag that I anticipate using well after I am done using it as a diaper bag, as long as the quality holds up. The material and colors look nice, and the style definitely doesn't scream "diaper bag!" Very pleased.