I bought the Bright Starts Ingenuity Perfect Place High Chair for my 4 month old grandson after loads of research and comparison. Without a doubt, this is the best high chair on the market today, and I'll explain why.During my research, I made a list of features that the chair HAD to have:-safety, above all; no flimsy base, no latches where little fingers could get caught, no buttons within reach of baby.-built for a growing infant-adjustable height-adjustable seat-easy to clean-easy to store-reasonable priceAfter browsing through hundreds of chairs (on other sites as well), the Bright Starts chair met all of these requirements and more. Beginning with safety, this chair is built very solidly; the base is wide and sturdy, and the back legs have wheels that are easily locked and unlocked using your foot. It is so easy to move the chair from room to room; despite its sturdiness, the chair is not heavy. One of the most convenient and exceptional qualities of the chair is the swing-away tray; at the push of a button (out of baby's reach), the tray swings to the side. No more trying to line up the tray as baby fidgets! (By the way, I have read the reviews that claim the button for the tray is difficult to push; I have personally not had that problem at all). There are actually TWO trays that snap together; the outer one is divided into compartments for eating, and the lower one has a smooth surface. Very easy to remove for cleaning, and the top tray can be stored on the back of the chair. The chair comes with safety straps, (similar to a car seat's safety straps) which are fully adjustable and very easy to use. There is a sort of pommel that is built into the seat so that the baby cannot slide down; my grandson (who is 4 months old today) is about 15 lbs. and 26 inches long, fits beautifully in the seat with lots of room to spare. He LOVES it! The seat is padded with a removable headrest, very easy to wipe clean, and adjusts up and down; with the flip of a latch (located behind the seat), the seat reclines in three positions. It is simple to fold the chair for storage. My son-in-law said setup was very quick and easy!This chair has more useful features than other high chairs that sell at twice the price, and is definitely built to last. It was only very slightly more expensive than the well-known brands (Fisher-Price, Graco, etc.) but worth every penny and more. I would give this chair a six star rating if possible, and I certainly recommend the Bright Starts Ingenuity chair for parents of a new baby. This would make a fantastic shower gift!