Immediately after purchase:I normally use prefolds and covers (including Thirsties Duo Wrap). This is the first pocket diaper I purchased, and I love it! The insert really does come out in the wash, and cleans well even when snapped together. The inserts can then be unsnapped when placing in the dryer (I line-dry my covers).  This diaper will come in handy for babysitters, grandmothers, etc. I am still using disposables at daycare, but these might even be easy enough for them! I will post another review in a couple months as far as durability, as I have only been using this diaper for about a week or two.Updated review 6/11/10:I have now been using this diaper for a few months. I lowered the rating to 4 stars for a few reasons:1) The snaps on the hemp portion of the insert broke after about a month. However, I must add that the company was very good about replacing that insert for me promptly when I contacted them.2) The hemp insert takes a long time to dry, sometimes longer than my prefolds3) Velcro seems like it won't hold up great, but time will tell...Things I still like about this diaper:1) Leg gussets2) Velcro is easier than snaps for a squirming baby3) Very easy to stuff4) I like not having to pull out the insert prior to washingWe are now CDing full-time, using a combination of BumGenius, Fuzzibunz, and Thirsties Duo Diapers for daycare, grandmas and on the go (and prefolds at home). I like the all for different reasons. I like having the Thirsties Duo Diapers as part of my stash.Updated review 8/28/10I am again upgrading this review to 5 stars for a few reasons:1) This is the only diaper that my daughter can wear at naptime without leaking all over the place. There is slight wicking sometimes, but nothing like when she just wears a Fuzzibunz with one microfiber insert for naptime.2) She is still on the second rise, whereas her BG 3.0s are totally unsnapped. The BG 4.0s (I have 1 so far) are more generous as far as sizing, but they only come with a microfiber insert for the same price.3) The price is great for what you get. The Knickernappies with the loopydo inserts cost $6.50 more per diaper.