BLUF: This is a well-made, sturdy product that functions extremely well and has exceeded all of my expectations.  I highly recommend this model if your budget can withstand the higher than average price tag.I have a 3.5 year old little girl and a 1.5 year old boy.  Since kids, my available time to keep in shape has been in constant decline.  Since I do take care of them on my own most days, it is nearly impossible to get out for a run.  I decided a few months ago that I needed to look into a jogging stroller after seeing a woman using one in my neighborhood and realizing this would be the only way to stay in decent shape (can't leave the kids at home alone to go running!).I did quite a bit of research on the different models out there.  This BOB stroller was not the least expensive by far; however, based upon the reviews that some of the other less expensive, obviously cheaper brands received, I decided to get this model.  I've been using this duallie jogger for a couple of weeks now and it has not disappointed.  I have to say, it has exceeded my expectations in every regard.The stroller arrived nearly fully assembled.  The only exception was that the wheels needed to be attached and inflated.  This, as well as a thorough review of the product manual, was achieved within 30 minutes and was not a hassle (although the manual could have been a little more user friendly).  The wheels attach to the stroller using quick release latches which should be familiar to anyone who has a street bicycle.  Inflating the tires using a bike pump took less than five minutes.The ride in this stroller is extremely smooth, and this stroller can easily go off-roading through thick grass, dirt, sand, up and over curbs, and can easily navigate other tough conditions.  This is important because if your neighborhood is anything like mine, about half of the inconsiderate neighbors will be blocking the sidewalk with their parked cars, necessitating constant detours through their lawns.  My daughter loves scolding the "bad cars" that block the sidewalks.  The stroller is equipped with a quality suspension system which creates a very smooth ride for the occupants.  I was very impressed with the quality of the suspension design and functionality.  Very high quality.  This stroller is equipped with a highly functional parking brake that is simple to latch or unlatch with your foot.  It is a metal bar that drops into place, locking the rear wheels into place.One note about the front wheel (fixed position).  Other reviewers have commented that the fixed position front wheel makes it difficult to maneuver the stroller.  This was not my experience with the stroller.  I found that applying directional pressure (left or right) to the handle bar is sufficient to steer the stroller in either direction.  In addition, you can easily make 90 degree or greater turns by pressing down on the handles thereby lifting the front wheel.  It is fairly simple and only really a problem in very tight quarters.  I would not hesitate to use this stroller for standard "strolling" purposes such as at the grocery store, park, or other public places.The children are very comfortable in this BOB stroller.  The canopy has several different settings, and in fact can be pulled down far enough to shield the kids almost completely from rain (without the optional, and very expensive, rain shield add-ons).  The canopies also have a retractable flap that exposes a clear plastic window/sunroof.  My daughter likes the fact that she can look back up at me and talk to me through the canopy while we are out running.  I recommend adding the optional detachable snack tray (as I did) to ensure the kids have a place to put their sippy cups, soothers, etc.The seat buckets have enough separation to avoid most instances of "he's touching me" syndrome (although it does happen once in a while).  The seats are very comfortable, and the seat belts are easy to adjust and connect.  I would not be surprised if children up to 7 or 8 years old could fit easily in this stroller if necessary.  My only complaint is that the seat belt system does not have a lap belt only option, rather you have to use the entire harness.  This is expected, however, because it would be unsafe to be jogging/running with an infant or toddler secured only at the waist.The handlebars are ergonomic and covered with a soft padding material similar to what you would experience with a treadmill at the gym.  A wrist loop allows you to secure the stroller to your body to ensure that you don't lose control of your children.  Don't laugh: the stroller rides very smoothly and if you let go of the handle it would be very easy for this thing to get away from you.In sum, I am extremely happy with this stroller and recommend it to anyone who has two children and would like to go jogging or running with the kids.  It probably is a little too pricey for a standard purpose stroller, although I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it for any purpose if you can afford it.  Great job on this one, BOB.