Just started our little one on actual solid foods and this bib is fantastic!  We did buy a few different ones and really like this one the best.  The easy velcro closure in the bag of the neck is a must and works fantastic.  The cute robot design is perfect for little boy's!  (We also got our baby the Lamaze robot toy too!) The sleeves are a little long for our baby, but we just cuff up the sleeves since he is only 9 months.  The pocket to catch foods at the front bottom of the bib is great.  The bib is easy to rinse clean with warm soapy water and we just hang it to dry in the laundry room till the next meal.  It is waterproof and we have been using it daily for about a month and so far its held up beautifully.  We do not anticipate any problems at this rate.  If I hadn't bought so many other brands I would of definitely stocked up only on this Frenchie brand.Good Luck!UPDATE:  We used these for the past 8 months in a rotation with several others, but used them nearly every day.  Initially we were hand washing these with the other bibs in the sink daily after meals and they were holding up perfectly!  A month ago we decided to just include them in the hot wash rotation to give my hands a time to regrow nails!  lol  Anyhow, this bib has fallen apart from daily washing in the washer and hang drying.  The velcro no longer sticks, even though we would be sure to stick the velcro to itself when putting into the wash.  The lining is also torn in various places.  I believe this deterioration is 100% attributed to the washing machine.  I still love these bibs, but can no longer use this one.  I would not recommend anyone wash these in the washing machine as they will fall apart!We do also use and have the IKEA bibs and various bumkins and other bibs and FWIW, those all have not deteriorated in the wash and have also been washed in the washing machine with these Frenchie's for the past month on nearly a daily basis.  Its a shame that these Frenchie's robot bibs don't hold up to machine washing because there style is great,  these are not bulky and were our favorites and our baby loved all the different color robot's and it helped entertain him and he knows and names all the colors on them too!