Fisher-Price makes at least 5 different newborn-to-toddler rockers and I spent a bunch of time comparing them so I could figure out which one I wanted.  I immediately narrowed it down to the only 2 "portable" rocker versions because the folding feature would come in handy when bringing it to visit the grandparents.  So it was between this one and the one at this link (http://www.amazon.com/Fisher-Price-BMG82-Portable-Rocker-Newborn-to-Toddler/dp/B00CWN3FRS/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1410114870&sr=8-2&keywords=fisher+price+rocker).  The other one is green, orange and features a frog and toad on the seat if the link doesn't work.  If you look at the descriptions for both, they're identical.  Since I have twins, I decided to get one of each and compare.Both are equally easy to assemble, taking 5 minutes if you have a Phillips head screwdriver and follow the instructions.  Both are easy to shift into the different reclining and upright positions.  Besides for the obvious color and animal print differences, here are my observations about the other differences (I'm going to call the other rocker the "toad" one.:- The arm with 2 dangling toys is fixed in position and cannot swing out on this rocker whereas it's meant to on the toad one.  You can of course remove the arm completely but I find it convenient to just leave it on and push it aside when I want to take baby in and out.  I also think the toys dangle too close to the baby's face in the fixed position but that's just my personal opinion.  Because the immobility of the arm on this rocker annoyed me so much, I tried my own hack.  There's a single screw on the bottom of the arm  that I loosened just enough to lift the top part of the arm out of the grooves it sits in and let it rotate.  It makes the arm a little loose but it's appears to be stable.- The toad rocker includes a hard rectangular board that slides into the bottom part of the seat to provide extra support.  This rocker doesn't have that so the baby is supported by just the fabric.- This rocker's rails and arms are made of metal, whereas the toad one's are plastic.  They both seem equally durable, though I've only had 4-month olds using them for a week.  If you compare pictures, you can also see that the toad rocker has an extra set of support beams that connect from the back of the chair to back of the rails.- Both rockers have "feet" in the front of the rails that stop the chair from rocking too far forward but the ones on the toad one are shorter and don't point as sharply downward.  I find that this allows the toad rocker to have a slightly bigger rocking motion without compromising safety.To sum it up, even though I prefer the look of this rocker more, I'd get another one of the "toad" rockers instead purely based on functionality.