If you are new to these types of self-feeders, you should know that Kidsme is a great choice for parents who want to offer their babies an early experience of feeding themselves. This can be fun and quite satisfying for the baby who isn't keen on being spoon-fed. This is also a nice alternative for parents who are interested in the "baby-led weaning" concept but are freaked out about choking. But do not think that this method will allow parents to sit and enjoy your meal uninterrupted while baby independently eats. You will have to refill the silicone sac continuously, depending on baby's appetite. Filling the sac with puréed food can be a messy experience, as you can expect some to get squished out when you fasten/close the feeder. With that in mind, you will want to fill over a plate, counter, or baby's tray-- one less splatter to mop. You may also expect that your eager baby will not just hold the Kidsme by its cute little handles, but will also grab and squish the silicone sac. Messy, messy. This is perhaps much less of an issue if you are filling with non-puréed foods, like pieces of meat or veggie or fruit chunks. One more bit of advice regarding messiness, your baby will throw this feeder on the floor, so attach the Kidsme to the high chair with a piece of ribbon or one of those pacifier keepers.Kidsme offers size options for the removable food sacs as well as different types of handles. Note: whichever handle style you select, it will accommodate either the small or large sized sacs. Regarding the size difference between the large and small kidsme sacs, I actually prefer the small sac for my 7 mos old. Though she has no problem feeding herself with the large sac, quite a lot of puree gets squeezed out and she tends to gag at least once/twice. That happens less with the small sac, though you will have to refill more frequently (5-10x depending on how much your baby eats). So there are pros/cons with the size.Silicone self-feeders versus mesh: while it is definitely easier to wash food out of the silicone sacs versus the mesh (especially in the case of bananas! Ugh), one of the advantages of mesh is that your baby gets to experience the texture of the food a bit more, e.g., biting down on a firm slice of melon/apple or a cube of frozen breastmilk can be more satisfying for a teething baby than just sucking juice and fruit bits from the silicone holes of the Kidsme.Kidsme versus Munchkin silicone feeder: the Kidsme silicone sacs are removable while the munchkin sac is permanently attached to the handle. I like that the Kidsme sacs are removable for washing or replacing as needed. The Kidsme sacs have multiple holes all over, making it very easy for baby to access food. The Munchkin has only one hole on the top of the sac, making it very difficult or near impossible for baby to access any non-completely-puréed foods. The one hole also means that baby will not be able to totally empty the sac; even with puréed foods we always have a bit left that baby wasn't able to squeeze out. On the flip side, one hole also sometimes means a lot less mess. That being said, if you are ONLY planning to give baby puréed foods with the self-feeder, the Munchkin could be the better bet since it also costs less and is available at most stores, and I was only able to find the Kidsme online. Also, in a pinch, I was once able to put pumped breast milk in the Munchkin when I was without a clean bottle on a road trip-- I would never attempt that with the Kidsme (unless with frozen milk) due to all the holes.Cleaning the Kidsme: We do not have a dish washer so we hand wash, and I would recommend using a scent and dye free soap. This is because the sacs take on the scent/color of your dish soap (who wants to confuse baby with lavender scented bananas?) and the smell of the previous puree may also linger, despite a good wash. I like to additionally disinfect with 50/50 alcohol and water and let air dry.Buen Provecho, little ones!