These nipples and the Soothie Binkies, actually cause ZERO nipple confusion, so when we were switching between bottle and breast I thought why the heck not use these since he is already in LOVE with them. He took to it right away, the wide mouth and the stage 1 nipple made bottle feeding a breeze. His tummy problems when using the bottle went WAY DOWN. Now we alternate between these and the Playtex VentAire Advanced Standard Bottles 9-Ounce, 3 Pack (Colors Vary) ( Wide mouth is available for those breastfeeding or standard if you want more compatibility) and he almost never gets any gas from feedings. No more crying baby. If your little one is having a tough time of it, I recommend these. If you are also breastfeeding, these nipples and the The First Years Breastflow Stage 1 - Slow Flow Nipple - 2 Pack that fit this same bottle ( just switch nipples out) work AMAZINGLY GREAT. They are the only ones the lactation consultant recommended for people switching between bottle and breast. Another plus to these, it's harder for him to clamp down the nipple by sucking too hard. The only negative I can say, is when you are using these wide bottles there may be an oz or .5 oz that can't make it to the nipple unless you hold it almost completely vertical, and when you have a baby you know this is not going to work for anyone, so the end result is if you are not paying attention ( meaning you are half asleep or the room is dark etc etc) your baby will end up sucking on air for awhile trying to get the last of the milk out. When the bottle is full, these are great, but you have to be careful once you get to the end. It's even worse in the breast flow bottles because you have two seals for the milk to accumulate in to. If you look at the bottle you will be able to understand what I mean.:-) If your baby sucks on the air that means gassy baby and one screaming and crying till you burp it out of him or her.Hope this has been helpful, please ask me if you need  advice or ii wasn't clear enough.