With this being baby #4 and a pile of incomplete baby books under my belt I took the advice of a friend to get a calendar with pre-made stickers.  It was hard choosing off the internet since you couldn't view the pages or see the stickers, but looking at the measly selection in the stores (most sealed) I decided on this one and was thoroughly surprised and satisfied. The photo doesn't do it justice.  The designs/prints and characters-snails, butterflies, birds, bees and frogs are simply adorable. The stickers are decorated with the cutest pictures and colors.  The pages are made of a thick card stock-so not flimsy or easily torn.  The cover is only slightly thicker.  In case it matters to you it is not an elaborate "keepsake" cover and just printed (which I was fine with-it's still attractive).(Meadow lark version)I had wished they had a better description of the stickers so if interested here goes:Baby Arrives; 1-11month and 1st Birthday; Eats Cereal, veggies, fruit; Uses spoon; holds bottle; feeds self; FIRSTS: Easter, Valentines Day, Chanukah, Halloween, Thanksgiving, Christmas, smile, shoes, step, bath, tooth , trip, word; (3) Visits grandparents; (2) Visits Doctor; rolls over; sleeps through the night; crawls; sits alone; pulls up; stands alone; walks alone; FINDS: toes, hands; grasps objects; Says Ma-Ma, Says Da-Da; waves Bye-bye; laughs out loud; looks at books; imitates sounds.Journaling descriptions:There is a section about Mommy and Daddy: where they were born, grew up, talents and interests.  About baby: Arrived at/on, hair, eyes, weight, inches, distinguishing characteristics that made you special.  Some of our first feelings.  There is a family tree page for siblings through to Great grandparents on both sides.  Every month has a section to complete: height, weight, sleeping patterns, feeding schedule, sounds and motions, likes and dislikes, favorite toys and games, by end of month learning to...Every other month also has a spot for a small photo (but not too small).It was exactly what I was looking for and would highly recommend it to others.