First off, I am NOT a fan of products that "require" you to buy some specific replacement part for it to work properly, (think disposable diaper genie, vacuum cleaners with special bags, etc.) so I was skeptical about this, and was not in a love affair with it when I was using the sponges.  I had this warmer for my daughter, who at first was not cloth diapered, but I bought the wrong one, and just went with it.  I bought the replacement pad a few times when using it with disposable wipes, but it still did brown some of the bottom wipes, and sponge was costly and a pain to find.Fast forward a little to the switch to cloth diaper/wipes.  FORGET about that sponge.  This wipes warmer is PERFECT for cloth wipes.  I have used it WITHOUT THE SPONGE for years...literally, the same one for years.  The top didn't close properly a few years ago, I let Prince Lionheart know, and they sent me a replacement cover for free...Three years later, we are still going strong.  The wipes are OK, but that's not what I wanted to review.  I make my own wipes (which I sell on etsy) and I know most on the market are superior to these ones provided.Our routine, which works great; Supplies: Homemade 8"x8" wipes (ours are two sided fleece/flannel or two sided minky dot,) any number of solutions (I am a fan of Dr. Bronner's and a little olive oil with lots of water) poured over the wipes just enough to moisten them all (usually about 8 ounces of solution.)  I used to roll the wipes, as shown in the picture, but that got old quick, so I (more accurately, my four-year-old) fold(s) the wipes in half and place them stacked one on top of another.  On weekends (Friday- Monday) we go through a whole warmer's worth, and I have never had any issue with mold, mildew, or anything else in that time frame.  As for the antimicrobial issue...we are not really germaphobes, and I have to believe that we go through the wipes quickly enough that there is no issue with pathogenic microbes on a BUM ( which before wiping start out as a poopy, stinky bum;) On days when we are not doing most of the changes at home (daycare workweek days) I only put in enough wipes to get us through our three work days (so 8 or so for three days.)  When that second batch is out, I wipe it out, and start over again.  I bleach it out once every few months or so.Some things I've read in other reviews;* Condensation forms on the top and spills out the back when you open it.  TRUE.  Wasn't really a big enough deal to impact my impression of it.  We just keep a piece of rubber underneath it (like what you line cabinets with) with a washcloth on the mat.  Have never had any damage.* Mold - Not in my one year using it with disposables or our three years without sponge using cloth.  I will say that once, we left it running (plugged in) while on vacation, full of wet wipes, and a week later, the whole lot of them smelled mildewed.  I bleached the unit, washed the wipes, which turned out fine, and have never had any issue since.  If you're not going through wipes quickly, I would suggest just filling it half-full or something.  That will avert any issue there I think*  Ditch the wipes (or use them for washcloths, which I did) and just get 8x8 wipes.  In other words, don't buy it for the wipesSo, Now, I am on here buying a second unit to have in the kids' bathroom. My daughter is at the point where she is old enough to wipe all on her own, and we often grab her a wipe from my son's room for her to use, since she LOVES how warm and cozy these are, and I love how clean they get her.  My son is now potty learning, and I can't switch up on him now. He's so used to these!  I can say that wipes from this warmer are like a spa experience for your bum.  Truly the nicest thing I can think of for a newborn used to the warmth of the womb, or kids potty learning, to reinforce good hygiene with a warm comfy experience.Love this thing!