Our son is 3.5 and weighs 38 pounds. He's pretty tall and a bit on the thinner side. We ordered a large but were accidentally sent a medium--which fit a bit snug, but worked.We purchased these, plus Gerber training pants and iPlay training pants and are night-time potty training our 3 year old son, who is potty trained during the day. (See photos for side-by-side comparison: top left=Gerber, top right=iPlay, bottom=Super Undies.  Second photo is of each inside-out.) Super Undies are the most expensive out of the three, but also the most effective in keeping the leaks contained. Note: none of the three completely contained the leaks (we did not use inserts). Note 2: this mama is so done with changing sheets at 2AM.  Note 3: training pant companies should send mamas a complimentary Starbucks voucher with each order. Seriously.But back to business. Where was I?Okay. Differences between Super Undies (SU) v. Gerber & iPlay pants:- SU's outer layer is a semi-waterproof material (feels like a cloth diaper cover)- SU is thicker and bulkier- SU has a separate internal "pouch" where you could insert an additional pad for more protection; the others do not- Gerber and iPlay feel more like regular underwear- Gerber is the softest (and my son generally prefers it over the others) but is also the least absorbent; comes in a 4-pack- iPlay has better retention than Gerber but also makes a crinkly diaper sound due to the absorbent layer through the wet zone (not an issue for us with nighttime training but your child might mind during the day); comes in a 2-pack- it seems (though not noticeably significant) that SU wicks away the moisture the best out of the three, which is great for comfort but not necessarily for trainingWe are using an enuresis (bed wetting) alarm that attaches to his undies and rings when it gets damp. The alarm is designed to clip on the outside of the undies in the wet zone and will ring at even the slightest dampness. The problem we've encountered (not at the fault of SU) is that because of the outer waterproof barrier, the alarm becomes useless unless we find a place inside the undies to clip the sensor to. After some experimentation, the place that works best for us is the inside of the meshed insert compartment--though it does not provide much of a barrier and isn't the most comfortable for our son, it works. In this sense, Super Undies aren't our favorite for purposes of training with an enuresis alarm, but they are still a great (convenient) tool for us in our training.Our son has an average of three potty accidents during the night, with the first one being the heaviest. We use iPlay for "round 1" (the heaviest accident, but we double up), SU for "round 2," and Gerber for "round 3."  (the Gerbers are great for if you know the accident won't be huge.)  For the most part, this equation works for us; we are considering buying a few inserts for our SU to help contain the heavy round 1 accident.Overall, I think it's a great training pant. A bit bulkier than others, perhaps, but much better than the others with keeping the leaks in. Knocked one star off for incorrect order delivery and slight comfort issues.