Like many pumping mothers, I have spent an embarrassing amount of time trying to figure out whether to get an Ameda or Medela double electric pump so I can pump at work. Most reviews are for one or the other as most people don’t have access to both pumps to be able to truly compare.With my first child, in 2011, I got an Ameda Purely Yours Ultra because my lactation consultant recommended it and it was cheaper – around $130 on Amazon. He had been in the NICU at birth so I had used a hospital grade Ameda to establish my supply and I had tons of Ameda parts. While on maternity leave, I used it to build up my supply since I never had enough for my first child and had to supplement with formula. When I returned to work after five months, I managed to get about 3-4 oz. per 20 minutesession.I pumped for eight months with the Ameda with my first son and for three months with my second child in 2013 while home on maternity leave. I definitely have more milk for my second son.  I still got a reasonable amount of milk from the Ameda (between ½ and 2 oz. per session, after a feeding, and up to 5 oz. per session instead of a feeding) but the motor sounds like it is laboring and often it squeaks.Thanks to Obama, my insurance covers 80% of a breast pump per child I guess, so I hemmed and hawed about getting a second Ameda to keep at the office or trying out a Medela.  Since I had a bunch of Ameda parts, the Ameda would have been the cheaper and practical choice, but recent reviews said the new Ameda pumps aren’t as good.  And, Ameda bottles fit into the Medela horns.So I took a chance and got the Medela Advanced Double Personal Pump.  I had to pay $68 because insurance requires that you buy it from a DME place, which charges more than Amazon ($300 vs $177).This pump is basically the Medela Pump In Style but the bag looks more “institutional.” I am told there are fewer accessories than the PIS. The bag came with the motor inside and has two compartments – one to store the accessories (charger, tubing, horns I guess) and the other with three removable cooling elements and four bottles. You get two horns, four bottles, one set of tubing, and four membranes (you need two to pump).  The Pump In Style advertises itself as having a discreet bag that doesn’t look like a breastpump…but anyone who is a mom can recognize that bag from miles away and it’s not that chic anyway. PIS users say the PIS bag is more user friendly, and you get a separate cooler which I could see as being more practical than having your cooler be part of the bag. For my needs, I am glad I saved the $$ and went with the cheaper Advanced Double Personal Pump.Because I use the 2011 Ameda and work and the 2013 Medela at work, I can compare them directly. What I have found is that I get the same amount of milk from the Medela and my Ameda when I pump instead of feeding except that I get more milk quicker with the Medela. For example, it takes me 20 minutes to get five ounces from my Ameda but 10 minutes to get four ounces from the Medela. Basically, milk comes out quickly at first with the Medela whereas the Ameda gets it out slow and steadily.  If I stay on the Medela for twenty minutes, I end up with a total of 5-6 ounces. So, basically I get to the same place …but the initial ride is faster with the Medela. That’s nice if you have limited time to pump.The Medela feels gentler on my nipples but I don’t use very high suction. I also slather lanolin on my nipples and on the inside of the horns so they stick to my boobs. I also noticed that the Medela seems to point the nipples downwards (to take advantage of gravity) and it just looks like more milk is coming out. But as I noticed, production is not much more than the Ameda.The Medela instructions tell you to boil the pump parts every night and thoroughly wash them after every pumping session.  I have asked around and haven’t found anyone who does this. I never did this with my Ameda parts and never had any problems.  Breastmilk has antibacterial properties anyway.  I just put the horns a plastic bag after every session and wash everything very thoroughly in hot soapy water each night and air dry.The Medela seems great for a first time mom because it does all the thinking for you. You don’t have to fiddle with the settings as much as you do with the Ameda to maximize milk production.  The pump automatically starts you at fast cycles low suction then switches to slow cycles high suction (just like your baby). It doesn’t seem easy to customize this – I am sure it is doable but it would take time and effort.  With the Ameda, you need to do everything manually – which is fine, but trial-and-error isn’t so fun when you are sleep deprived and pressed for time all the time.Another factor weighing in favor of the Medela is the fact that the parts are easier to find and cheaper. For example, you can get six Medela membranes for the same price as two Ameda valves.  Further, the Medela stuff can be found at Babies R Us whereas you have to order the Ameda stuff online. I don’t have Amazon Prime so it wasn’t fun when I needed new Ameda valves.  Medela membranes seem much more fragile than Ameda ones…I am scared that they will rip, but they are cheaper to replace.  Despite looking sturdier, the Ameda valves are pretty fragile anyway – even the tiniest tear will cause suction issues.I have only been using the Medela for a few days, and so far it’s a great pump. I will update the review in a few months so I can comment on its durability. Is it leaps and bounds better than the Ameda (to justify the much higher price)? Not really. And the Ameda has some pros, in addition to its cheaper price, that I will discuss below.For example, unlike the Medela, the Ameda is very portable. You don’t have to lug the square bag everywhere – the Ameda weighs about one pound or something and you can toss it into any bag and set it up anywhere. I think I would like the Medela far less if I had to schlep the bag back and forth every day. The Ameda is a lot easier to set up in tight spaces.The Ameda is also easier to clean and there is less to monitor.  For one thing, it’s a closed system, so the tubes never have to be cleaned. I found that replacing the membranes regularly helped keep production up but those suckers are $$. Because the Medela is an open system, there is a risk of milk getting into the tubes (and eventually into the motor) and the tubes have to be cleaned regularly and dried, which is one extra step. I have found that running the motor a few minutes after I am done pump keeps the tubes clean and dry. So what I do is I take the tubes off of the horns while the machine is running and keep the machine on while organize the pumped milk and put the horns away. So far so good, but that’s an extra step that you just don’t have with the Ameda.Bottom line: The Medela gets more milk out faster, whereas the Ameda is slow and steady. Medela parts are easier to find. The Ameda is cheaper, easier to clean, more portable, and appears to be easier to “customize” if you are savvy enough to figure that sort of stuff out. If I only could get one pump and need to schlep it back and forth, I would go with the Ameda.  If I didn’t need to carry the pump around, the Medela might be a better choice.