Before our daughter was born we bought a few of several types of cloth diapers. This is definitely our favorite. It doesn't stain as badly (hardly at all) as the bumkins all-one-diapers we have, isn't size specific like the Fuzzi Bunz we have (which is also nice), when the diaper is just wet, the fleece that lies by her skin is really dry to the touch while the insert can be very wet and it really looks nice, even after three months of washing. I dry the inserts in the dryer, but hang the out side pocket on a rack to dry -- to prolong their life. When my daughter was first born, I felt the insert that came with the diaper was a little too big, so I used the microfiber towels you can buy to wash cars and put those inside instead (A tip passed on by a mother who makes her own pocket diapers). At about two months I started using the regular inserts at night, and now I used them all the time, figuring I can add the microfiber towels as extra if she needs that in future. Also, the fact that these diapers will grow with our daughter is great. I haven't expanded them yet (she's only three months), but I feel its worth the savings. I now have 12 of these and they are well worth the price. I've even trained my husband to connect the velcro tabs so they don't snag the other diapers.I will admit, to those considering cloth, it is a little gross to pull the insert out or when washing, make sure all the inserts are out and the velcro is attached to the tabs, but a few smelly minutes and quick hand wash are worth it to me overall: I'm not adding to the landfill, especially since disposables are non-biodegradable (practically), not to mention putting human waste in the trash (which isn't healthy), and best of all its a money saver. We figured we'd save maybe a few hundred dollars for our first child (if we compared it to buying the generic diapers), but for the second and (possibly) third it will cost practically nothing for the diapers (I'm doing laundry anyway), so its there you see the real savings. And to wash I don't do anything special. I dump them in, do a prewash and then a heavily soiled wash and they come out great.I'm planning to buy at least 6 more of these diapers when she grows out of the others we have. Then I won't have to do wash as often.