I bought this travel system before I needed it because my two year old destroyed her old stroller and I thought I would save some money and just buy a travel system now instead of separating the two purchases because I'm only about half way through my 2nd pregnancy. It took only about 10 minutes to put this stroller together. It is everything I want in a stroller. Large underneath basket, great reclining system, the child tray swings up making it easy for my toddler to get in and out (she loves the "gate!") The child tray pops out for easy cleaning, and there is also a great parent tray, not as many stroller come with this as one would think and it is such a necessity. It folds easily, one just has to push two buttons at once and it collapses, this is where my ONLY complaint comes in. It folds down really fast and will slam into the ground but if you just use two hands you can slow it down. Using it with my two year old on a gravel road, it gives a smooth, silent ride. There is also a great canopy that can maneuver wherever you need it. Great for when the baby moves out of the infant sleep and naps in the stroller. The real reason I snapped up this travel system is the infant seat. If you have a LATCH equipped car, it is important to note that this seat comes with a rigid LATCH system which is different than what comes with most other car seats (even the expensive brands like Peg Perego). I've not had a baby in it yet, but it seems to snap in and out of the car easily and I love the triangle handle, it makes carrying easier. The padding is nice and soft and is large enough to accomodate a child past 20 lbs. You also can use the car seat without the flex-lock base which is nice, because our new baby will be traveling between about four different cars!Overall, I am very impressed with this travel system. I gave it four stars because it does fold down really fast, and it is also a bit heavier than my old Evenflo travel system was, but is on par with a Graco system. Each travel system has it's own kinks, but this is as close to having everything I like as I've found! And this one would be perfect if it didn't shut so fast!