Love this monitor once u figure out how to pair it. Don't contact the company cause their instructions are the same as the ones that came with it.... This is what I did to get both cameras working.... Turn everything off. Both cameras and the monitor. Camera buttons are on the right side of them... Switch it to off. Make sure monitor is off too. Cover the top of one camera that's still turned off with ur hand. With the other hand turn on the monitor. Once that is on, turn on one camera with your other hand still covering the top of it. Hold the play button on the monitor for roughly 2 seconds, release it and press the menu button on the left side of the monitor. The menu button has the lines on it. Go until u see where it says C1 then release. It will either come back saying c1 ok or c1 x. If it says c-1 ok then it's paired. If not turn everything off and do it again. Shouldn't take more than a few tries to pair it . Once it says c1 ok it's paired. Now turn everything off again. Everything includes the monitor ;) then do the same thing with the second camera and never turn on the camera that's already paired until camera 2 is paired... Everything off, cover camera 2 on the top sensors with ur hand, other hand turn on monitor... ( camera 1 should still be off ) do the same thing, press play button for 2 seconds, then hit the menu button once c1 pops up hit the top arrow button on the right of the monitor til it says c2 then release. It should pair and say c2 ok. If not try it a couple more times. Make sure to turn back off camera 2 and the monitor before trying to pair again. Once it's paired turn both cameras on. With everything on, hit the menu button til u see c1 then release.... It'll take a good 20 seconds or so but it'll show u what camera 1 sees then to switch to camera 2 hit the menu button tab the arrow button up to c2 and release. Wait about 20 seconds and then u will see what camera 2 sees. Took us months to figure this out but we absolutely love these cameras. Hope this made sense.