As the weather cooled here in Seattle, my daughter approached age 1, which is when the SIDS risk is reduced enough to introduce a blanket for warmth when sleeping. We do use a blanket for naps, but she usually ends up getting tangled in it or kicking it off. Therefore, we wanted a wearable blanket for nighttime to keep her warm in the winter when our thermostat is set to 66 degrees at night, and also give us peace of mind that she is warm and safe. Since our little girl is off the charts in height and already wearing 18-24 month-sized clothes, we first ordered the 18-36 month size and it is huge - as in, it might be longer than a standard crib mattress. We promptly exchanged it for the 6-18 month size. This size should fit her well beyond the time she outgrows all her 18-month-sized clothes, and I would think it is much too large for a 6-month-old.After you find yourself with the right size, choose the 2.5 tog if you want a thicker, warmer blanket. The instructions suggest that you can put your kiddo in only a t-shirt and a diaper and call it good. We tried light fleece footie pajamas (Carters) and it works perfectly. She sleeps well through the night and her legs and torso are neither too warm nor too cold when she wakes in the morning. I was also concerned that the thickness would inhibit her ability to pull herself up to standing or move about the crib, but she easily adapted. We worried that after she began walking, she would resist the bag because there is no way to walk in it, but she is now a full-time walker and she doesn't mind at all when we zip her in for the night - in fact, she seems to enjoy it.We have now been using the Grobag for 3 months and we are very pleased with our purchase. Yes, the fabric isn't the softest on the market, but since we are putting her in full PJs inside the sack, this is not at all an issue. I do wish it were available in some non-white colors: I admittedly only wash it every 10 days or so and it never looks dirty, so the white isn't too bad, I just prefer non-white if there is a bodily fluid accident at some point. Bottom line: If you are looking for a warm blanket alternative for your waddler, don't hesitate to buy this product.