I fell in love with the design and concept of the collapsible tub, and appreciate that it can be easily stowed when not in use. Baby stuff takes a lot of space, and I appreciated being able to hang the tub from a hook on the wall or on the back of a door. I also like the streamlined design, because of the ease of cleaning - no grooves or textured material to scrub!We started using it with our newborn at about a week old. The plastic surface is slick, and a young baby would probably slide around too much. We placed a $5 infant bath sponge in the tub and set the baby on that, and have been really happy with the combination. I STRONGLY RECOMMEND USING A SPONGE INSERT WITH THIS TUB, especially for really young babies.***WARNING!!!! There is a metal bar that can elevate one end of the tub, for bathing infants at an incline.  Many other reviewers have commented about the unsafe design of the tub, with the infant bar collapsing. We used the tub for a couple of weeks with no issue, then experienced this. The infant bar on the underside of the tub hadn't been fully locked into place (it snaps into a molded plastic groove on the underside of the tub), so when the baby was placed in the tub, the elevated end dropped about 6". Baby wasn't injured at all, just startled. It was a user-error, and completely preventable, but it was caused by a poor design - the metal bar can be extended and rests against the groove, holding the tub in the elevated infant position, but it won't support weight unless it's securely snapped in.  It doesn't become "unsnapped" on its own, so I wouldn't say it's unsafe, but parents and caregivers should definitely double-check to make sure that it's snapped in before putting a child in the tub.------EDITED TO ADD MORE INFO --------I've been using this tub for several months now. At about 4 months old, we stopped using the incline position with bar. We pop out the bottom so that the entire surface is flat, fill it to the top of the white section, and lay the baby flat (with no sponge). She slides around a little when kicking & splashing, but seems to enjoy the movement. I love that it collapses, and that it's easy to clean - but I definitely think the infant support bar is a design flaw that needs to be fixed.