Monitoring - Does the core purpose very well.  Very impressed with this technology.  Sound is clear and no static or buzzing.  People have complained that it's not loud enough but I find it very suitable.  It picks up sound very well (room is 8x10) and the unit is on one side of the room and baby on other.  The unit doesn't have to be beside the baby to pick up the sound.Temperature - our nursery gets hot when the sun is out (faces west) so we wanted to make sure we would be first to know if it got too hot.  You can set a range in temperature.  If the temperature is outside of the range (either too hot or too cold), the hand unit will beep.  Very handy when we are sleeping and the baby's room warms up quickly.  We get alerted right away.  Both the base unit and hand unit displays temperature and humidity.Humidity  - very handy feature.  During the winter, the air is dry.  We were prompted to buy a humidifier by this device.  It even helped us return a humidifier (crane penguin) that we found had no effect on humidity level.  You can't be alerted of humidity levels going out of a range but I don't think its necessary.Extras:Lullabies -  You can play different a few different songs but the duration was too short.Lights to audio - when the baby cries, the hand unit lights up as well.  As the baby is louder, more lights light up (up to the max five lights).  It's a nice feature to have.  We have a set of headphones to watch the TV so as to not wake the baby.  We just look for the lights to light up.Muting - you can mute the hand unit but if the baby cries loud (5 lights up) but the hand unit will beep.Intercom - When one parent is in the baby room and the hand unit is in the parent's room, you can have use the intercom feature to talk to one another.Battery - battery life is sufficient.  Easily lasts a day off the cradle.  We put it back on cradle located beside our bed to charge when we sleep.  What does concern me is having to replace the battery.  The batteries are NOT AA batteries.  I hope we will be able to find a replacement battery when needed.  Low batteries are signalled by a beep as well.