I had to write this review after I saw that the last couple of reviews had been pretty bad for this product given that I believe the contrary.First some context: I am a father of two and owner of 3 strollers and 3 car seats. I travel with my wife and daughters between 3-4 times a year. I have purchase other bags for the purpose of covering my strollers and car seats in the past but have now settled with this "gate check" bag.As parents know, traveling with small children requires patience and a lot of stuff. Having something that protects your stuff is key if you want to use it more than once. For that reason I have purchased a bag for each of my strollers and car seat that I used when traveling on a plane. It is cleared to me that if you don't use a bag your stuff will get damage or dirty easily.If you have an expensive stroller or car seat and want to keep it intact you probably need to buy the brand's hard bag. No need to lie here. This bag is great for its intended purpose but it is still made from normal threads so if you want bullet-proof material, don't think that this one will stand to your expectations.This bag is great to keep your normal stroller clean and it would protect it from its normal wear and tear. It won't protect it from a clumsy or awful bag taker. The only way you are going to be saved from those people is having a hard bag but that it is impossible when you are gate checking. In others words this is as good as you get for gate checking bags.In terms of fitting well, check the right size for your stroller and car seat. There is a bag for each purpose. I have purchased the umbrella stroller size and it fit perfectly for my Uppa Baby stroller. I have another umbrella stroller that I just purchased for my youngest and it also fit that one pretty well. Sorry cant remember that brand of stroller right now but it is something like "first something". For my car seats I have a three Graccos. One is a infant car seat and the other two are toddlers car seat. In the three occasions I purchased the "car seat" sized bag and it worked perfectly.I have to say that I have had bad flights were they teared my bag but those are more the exemption to the rule. In general what happens normally in a flight is that the bag will get really dirty. Just washed afterwardsw and that is it.In terms of how easy is to storage it I will have to say that it doesn't required for you to be a scientist to get the entire bag back into the small self-contained bag. What I do is that I keep it in the stroller all the time after folding it back.  That way I don't search for the bag when I am traveling.In terms of putting strollers or car seats in the bag when at the gate. My rutile is pretty simple. I normally go first and leave my wife and daughters at the door of the plane. I leave the bags in our seats and go back to the door. Then I fold and bagged strollers and enter the plane with my wife. Putting the strollers in their respective bags is relatively easy. If you purchased the right size it should be that problematic. It take me a few seconds as I already got all the tricks.I hope this review helped you.