Having a video monitor it's a life saver for a new mom, finding a good one is a matter of luck.I got this video monitor when my daughter was only 6 months old. I was trying to brake her habit of  falling asleep with me. I wanted to put her in the crib and let her cry a little without worrying to much. I had an audio monitor but it's not the same. For every different sound that she was  making I would jump thinking is something wrong. With the video monitor I could stay more relax when she was crying seeing her and knowing that she was not hurt. I use to wait until she would  fall asleep and then I would go and cover her up. It only took two weeks for her to get use to it.  I absolutely love this monitor.  The video is very good and the night image is great as well. I could even take the monitor with me to my next door neighbor who is disabled (and there is a small yard between us), plug it in her living room and still see and hear my baby sleeping in her bed. I would of never had the courage to do that with just an audio monitor. Of course the image was not very good and had some static, but I never taught I can drink coffee with my next door neighbor and see my baby sleeping in her bed.  The down side on this particular product is that it seems to have a problem with the on/off switch button. I read the one star reviews and I can relate to them. The first monitor I had, the on/off button broke after only 8 months, so I had to send it back and they sent me a replacement. I have been a lot more lucky with the second unit. My little girl is 3 ½ years old now and I am still using the monitor and the camera.  Now, I keep it to monitor at night my "other" babies, my baby Bantam chicks. That's right ! I am keeping the camera in the chicken coop and the monitor in the living room. I was surprised to see how good is the reception considering that the coop is not that close to the house. The camera has been in the coop for a year now and is still working. It's not rated for outdoor, but it has been exposed to temperatures below 30 F, high humidity, was dropped on the floor a lot, picked by chickens, covered with manure many times, and yet is still working. Now, this is the camera that I'm talking about, the monitor was much better cared for.  This is my experience with this monitor and camera that I'm using non stop for three years. It's a great set if you are lucky to get a good one.