This kit makes a great Christmas gift or a way to commemorate baby's itsy-bitsy feet and hands for yourself and loved ones. I purchased the keepsake kit for a memento of my son's hands and feet. It contains a sealed package of the molding clay, three ribbons (pink, yellow, and blue), a pointy straw for making a hole, a dinky little roller that's not up to the task of rolling out the clay efficiently, a large round cardboard cutter, and basic instructions on how to create the ornaments.I strongly advise adding parchment paper to the list, not just to protect your countertops or table, but also for allowing the ornaments to dry. The hardening period takes anywhere from 4 to 7 days, and the parchment paper ensured the back of the clay was not exposed, disturbed, or crumbly. Parchment paper also makes for easy transfer.Making an ornament is straightforward. Roll out the clay to desired thickness, fight with your squirmy baby's reflexes to spontaneously curl his toes or contract her precious little hand into a fist, press down gently for an impression while your newborn honks blue murder, and then examine the results. With some luck, you may have a reasonable impression and an infuriated spouse co-opted into this special form of infantile torment. Didn't know that babies generally refuse to spread their fingers and adorable little toes when asked? Well, now you do. My husband decided to roll out the clay again for a second impression, and a third, at my insistence because the ravenous claw marks scratched over the white surface rather resembled an attack by a very tiny, very persistent velociraptor. Not exactly what I had in mind for enshrining my 8-week-old's most precious extremities.Once you do manage to gain an impression - preferably after a bottle of wine, I'll note, but not if you're the nursing mother - then keep it inside the wooden frame for best results. Drying may be a smidge slower, but without risk of cracking or falling apart by some act of circumstance. We used a large round cookie cutter in addition to the cardboard ornament cutter provided; between the two, the metal cookie cutter worked far better for clean edges and punching through the clay. The cardboard was shorter and flimsier.The results are very attractive though. Note for an average sized 2 month old baby, two plaques is all we managed to eke out without some creative positioning.