Even though my title directly address the pump, I'll leave that to the end and focus on the good stuff first.This really is a very nice sleeping mat. From the comfy blanket to soft top layer to the more-than-adequate cushioning of the enclosed air mattress, there really is a lot of thought that's gone into this. While the initial smell of plastic is somewhat overwhelming, after several days (perhaps a week) of letting it air out, this has become a sleeping pad that I love to take on camping trips for my kids. It's a bit short for my 6 y.o. (his feet stick out a bit) but he nevertheless insists on using it whenever he can. For my 3 y.o., it's perfect. It rolls up easily, inflates quickly (when you skip the pump), and can be washed (by removing the air mattress insert). All told, this really is a great sleeping mat.The only complaint is the pump. While I think it's a great addition for a child to use, as an adult, I wish they'd just left it off so this rolls up smaller. There are just too many "steps" required to pump the thing up completely. It's kind of exhausting for my 6 y.o., almost impossible for my 3 y.o., and just plain annoying for me. You'll notice that other people have had the same problem and "The Shrunks Team" replies that it's a defect. No, it's just a design flaw. Simply put, the physical volume of the pump is insufficient given the physical volume of the air mattress. Since no "step" is going to be 100% efficient (without risking damage to the pump), the number of pumps required to fill the mattress is far more than suggested. But again, this isn't a defect, just a matter of design. We prefer to just use an electric (or hand) pump, so as to save on excessive mixture getting trapped in the air mattress from blowing it up via mouth.(PS Just as an aside, the 1-star review that decries the dangers of this sleeping pad really overstates things. First, fleece, unless it comes from an actual sheep, is made from polyester. This is both more economical and more humane. Second, polyester is no more "toxic" than any of the other thousands of materials to which we're exposed. Sure, I wouldn't eat it, but as something to sleep on, it's fine. That whole review is really overblown.)