This cup is #5 plastic (BPA free), recyclable, generally spill proof, and only TWO pieces!  Plus, you don't have to worry about damaging or losing it, it weighs practically nothing, it is super affordable, easy to clean, and surprisingly durable.  I put mine in the dishwasher all the time and am still using several a couple years old.  In fact, I would say it is one of the BEST and CHEAPEST sippy cups at the same time.  I have used every cup from Avent to Klean Kanteen, Sigg, Born Free, and every style and variety of the less expensive sippies on the market, and what it mainly boils down to this:  IT ONLY HAS TWO PIECESMost spill or leakproof cups have multiple pieces to take apart and clean (up to FIVE for Born Free!) I want the drinking cup routine to be as quick and easy as possible.  And having to fill water cups many times a day over the years can be wearing.  The time I've spent searching for missing parts might easily add up to a month of my life.And like another reviewer said, it is perfect for situations such as bedtime, meals or in the car.  This is not the best cup for the very early years or for older kids who love to throw or open them, but I would still recommend getting this cup because it is convenient and may often be the only clean matching set you can find (if you're like me).  For my 'older' set of toddlers aged two and four, it is perfect.When I tip my sippies upside down, nothing comes out, but if I shake it, it does leak.  This doesn't really bother me because I use it mostly for water.  I even use it more often than my favorite Klean Kanteen sippies.  To me this cup is definitely worth at least trying for the low price.  You might save yourself a bundle in the long run by skipping the others.Also, it is not good for babies' proper jaw and palate development to suck too hard on bottles or sippy cups.  But did you know that sipping out of a straw actually mimics breastfeeding and is *good* for jaw and palate development?  Well, you can use the straw attachment to this cup for the first 18 months and then switch to the sucking lid.  The straw lid is also surprisingly spill resistant.These are my fav sippies and they are all BPA free, easy to clean and more mold resistant lids:1) The First Years sippy cup in this review is by far the easiest to clean, affordable so you can stock up on these, only has two parts (cup and lid) and can be converted to a straw cup with lid.  BUT it is not spill-, drop- or throw-proof.2) Playtex Lil Gripper Twist & Click sippies (the older spout kind, not the new straw kind which gets bad reviews) is spillproof, only has 3 parts and is durable.  Playtex Lil' Gripper Spout Cup 2 Pack (Colors Vary) <---  3) Klean Kanteen is truly spillproof, liquids stay fresher, it can be turned into regular drinking bottle, but it is expensive.  It also has *4* lid parts, so why would you choose it over Sigg with only two lid parts?  Well, Sigg leaks easier and can accidentally be left in the open position.  Klean's lid is easier to clean because you can take it all apart and has a larger container opening.  Klean Kanteen is recyclable.  They also come in nicer colors now, but I don't see why they can't make the cute designs of Sigg! Cute counts for something too.  [UPDATE (Dec 2014): Four years later, both my kids are still using the Klean Kanteens (with sports lids) as water bottles to take to school every day!  Glad I got the stainless because painted ones peel but the stainless ones still look nice.  -- I guess that bumps this one up to #2!]