I absolutely love these.  In fact, I'm ordering more to replace the cheap old school ones we have in the kitchen.  They are very easy to set: put the catch on the cabinet, slide the lock into the holders of the catch, remove tape, close door, open door, snap off holders, viola!  The adhesive is so strong that removal is hard but it's so easy to set them up the first time that you shouldn't have to remove them.  Just remember to snap off the alignment holders on the catch.  I learned the hard way that if you try to reclose the cabinet door with the the holders still on the catch, it won't fit.  This is all listed in the directions.We love the grey switch that locks the locking mechanism so that when our son is older, we won't have to remove the locks but can open and close the doors without the key.  Speeking of keys, we bout extras so that we have one in every room that has these locks.  It's convenient.  We started out with only two, but it was a pain to need a new roll of TP from under the sink in the morning and having to call my husband in to bring me the key!Also as another note for those who don't want to spend the extra cash on these and rather get the older reach in and pinch to open locks...We especially love these because the design of the lock means that our son cannot reach his skinny little arm into the cabinet and start fumbling with stuff in the pantry  (pulling out his food packets and all).  This also means he can't close said door on his fingers which he has done a few times.  This is why we are replacing our old ones.Our only disappointment is the fact that we can't use these on our kitchen drawers.  They have this wierd 2 inch block on the inside (I guess to keep stuff from spilling inside when closed?) which doesn't come up to the top of the drawer face. It means we would have to stick the bottom half of the lock on the block and leave the top half sticking up.  This wouldn't be an issue if the magnet was strong enough to reach through the thick drawer face and 2 inches of air to unlock.  It worked maybe 2 of the 18 times we tried it when we tested it without the adhesive.  That's more of a design flaw with our kitchen drawers but I would definately recommend testing these things out before sticking them on. Hold the lock about where you want it and test that the magnet will move the locking finger. That way if it doesn't work, you haven't already stuck the adhesive on there and wasted it.In summary, definately worth it! These locks are great!