I wanted to write a review because, like another mom said, this shawl is fabulous and it is getting low stars for silly reasons!  I just had my third baby, and I wanted a nursing cover that would cover my back too. New moms don't realize that most the nursing covers on the market do not cover your back.  Or maybe they do realize this, but don't realize that it will be an issue down the road.  Other covers work great when you are sitting on a couch or at a booth at a restaurant, but there are many places I would find myself nursing where my back would be totally exposed while I wore my cover.  I do not wear button-up shirts. I just wear regular t's or tanks, and I do not like people looking at me funny like, "why is she showing off her back?" until they realize I'm nursing (if they do at all!). This shawl does a not perfect, but pretty decent job of covering my back.  Also, like others have mentioned, most people have no clue that you are even nursing while you wear it. Just yesterday I was in the waiting room of the window tinting place nursing and someone looked at my empty carseat and asked where the baby was lol!  I have the blue one, and the color is really nice.  The fabric is awesome!  It is so light and airy and you can wipe things that spill on it right off (I tend to spill a lot when I'm eating while nursing at restaurants, especially when I try to use a fork with my left hand lol, as many moms can probably relate to!) I love the little case it comes with.  I neatly roll up the cover and put it in the case every time I'm done because it prevents the cover from becoming a wrinkled mess like my old cover. Anyway, as an experienced nurser (breastfed my other two babies about a year and a half each), I would highly recommend this shawl.  You can totally see your baby just by pulling the collar out a little bit if you need to, but if you have experience nursing, the baby will latch pretty quickly without much fuss.  I really think it is the first-time moms who need to gain a little experience nursing without a cover at home before they are writing bad reviews for a really great product.  The only downfall I found with the cover is that you have to figure out how to get it in just the right spot because the sides are a bit short, so that was a little tricky at first, but after a few times, you figure out just where it should lay to cover you best, and it's totally great!!! And I've received many compliments from my mom friends who are also experienced nursers!  One said she had a cover that covered her back, but that it wasn't nearly as cute!