This is the best baby gate that I was able to find online, and I looked for months.  However, because this gate requires the installer to be very precise, there are a few gotchas to be aware of:Before You Buy:The gate is adjustable in approximately 1-inch increments but odd-numbered steps cause the overlapping sections of the gate to form a solid "wall", rather than slats (use two combs as an example, drag them across each other with the teeth in parallel).  This changes the appearance of the gate, but not its function. If you expect it to look exactly like the picture, then you need to have an opening size that matches one of the "even" steps.  My install ended up with three non-overlapping slats in the middle, which form a solid aluminum square, but it doesn't look bad - only unexpected.After You Buy:As others have mentioned, this gate has low tolerances.  The hardest thing to adjust for is walls that aren't "plumb".  To test, hold a weighted string at the top of a stair-post or door-frame. If the string isn't parallel to the wall all the way down, then this gate will be more difficult to install.Similarly, but more challenging, is that your wall must be straight/flat.  If you torque down screws on a wall that isn't completely flat, the laser-cut aluminum mounting plate will not allow the gate to slide in.  This can be fixed by either allowing some slack in the mount screws (provided they are properly seated in a stud, etc), or putting a fender-washer or two between the mount plate and the wall to provide a tiny offset.The gate sags about 1/4 to 1/2 inch, so if you measure everything correctly, and install the gate wall-plates before sliding in the actual gate, there is a chance that the gate won't actually latch without a gentle tug "up" to allow the pins to slide into the slots on the latch.  This is annoying, since you'll probably want to be able to close the gate by giving it a good swing, and letting momentum do the rest.  If the pins don't line up, that won't work.  My advice is to 1) mount the first plate on the side that you want the gate-hinge to go on 2) slide the gate into the plate 3) slide the latch into the unmounted plate 4) hold the unmounted latch+plate against the wall, and line up where the hinges fit 5) draw around the latch-plate wherever it works best 6) take the latch and mount plate apart 7) use the line you drew around the latch plate to line it up and drill it in.  8) re-attach the latch and test out the gate.