My wife and I were going a bit crazy trying to find something to close off a 60" doorway in our new house to keep our puppy in the living room. The gated baby gates/pet gates are exorbitantly expensive for such wide doorways and we were very close to building our own baby gate with a tension rod and some PVC when I came across this product.What I love:- The tension rods feel really firm and sturdy and were the best tension rods in any of the pet gates/baby gates we purchased. We have two other gated pet gates (I believe one is a Regalo and I forget the other brand - both highly rated on Amazon), but the tension rods on these seemed the most superior.- I was a bit worried about how the fabric gate would look, but I have to say that it looks quite nice. It has a very nice, neutral color and the white area is actually a netted fabric that lets you see through the gate. This works really well with infants or pets because you can keep an eye on them even if you are on the other side of the gate- Price: This really is an amazing product for the price. I couldn't find anything that would fit a 60" doorway for even twice the price of this productThings that could be better:- Assembly: My only real gripe...as others have noted, getting the tension rods through the loop in the fabric can be extremely frustrating and time consuming. I don't quite understand why it wasn't designed to slip through...but as noted above, once this is set up correctly, the efforts are well worth the hassle of assembling this gate.All in all, I'm extremely happy with this product. Also, I should note again that this product DOES FIT 60" Doorways. I noticed that the "most helpful" review noted that it doesn't fit 60" doorways. It's a bit amusing that it was rated most helpful even though no one else really validated this. Fortunately I didn't see that review when I ordered this product and now I felt it my duty to report back about this gate actually working well with 60" doorways. If anything, it works best with a 60" doorway as the fabric is all stretched out as shown in the product picture and looks the best when the doorways is around 58-60" wide.