My wife and I recently purchased this diaper bag for use with our newborn.  We both like this bag quite a bit when you consider our divergent perspectives - this is our first child; I've not spent a lot of time around small kids, but my wife was a nanny for infants and toddlers for over ten years.  She says it's the best diaper bag she's used, period.The bag makes efficient use of space along the sling, making it seem roomy.  I think the picture used for the product description makes it hard to get a good idea of the scale size of the bag - it looked small to me in the pictures, but it is not (it's not humongous either).  There's plenty of room for wipes, diapers, butt paste, change of clothes, etc. and some personal items for the carrier.  However, you are not going to get a lot of extra room in here for items that some women bring along in their purses.  On the other hand, for women who typically travel light (as my wife does), or for most guys, there is ample room for your stuff in addition to the kiddo's.The sling itself is well balanced and this method of carrying is an excellent alternative to other diaper bag styles (we've looked at all of them, believe me) because both of your hands are free and you don't have to struggle to keep it on your shoulder while you are trying to wrangle a child, stroller, etc.  Stylistically, it's a nice looking bag - a little out of the ordinary.  You certainly won't look like you are carrying a purse or something froo-froo (if that's an issue).  The bag appears to be well constructed, with seams between the compartments sewn rather than glued.  There is a plastic quick release buckle on the strap, which makes for easy attachment to strollers, etc.  The buckle appears reasonably durable and simple enough to replace should it not be.The bag (and it's variously-colored Logic ilk) is the 2007 successor to the JJ Cole Essentials Sling Style Backpack Diaper Bag.  The Logic bag is five dollars more (at the time of this writing), but includes a small changing pad.  reviews from the Essentials line had indicated a problem with the separation of compartments, but it appears that JJ Cole now stitches those seams and has thus improved the construction of the bag over last year's model (and perhaps in other areas as well).  Having handled or owned the Essentials version, I cannot say what the other differences may be, but I greatly appreciate and respect attention to detail and the effort to improve a good product.