This 'Drain 'N Dry Bottle Rack' designed and engineered in the USA by Mommy's Helper, Inc. and manufactured in China is an excellent solution for drying juice bottles for those who have raw food diets or plant based diets. For households that juice, this bottle drying rack is priced economically (at the time of this review, April 23,2014 cost is $6.03) and provides excellent value as well as versatile usage. This rack is strong is enough for the glass juice bottles; best suited for bottle sizes in 16 oz., 12 oz., and 8 oz.I did not find the bottle brush that comes with the unit to be stiff-bristled enough to thoroughly clean glass juice bottles, but I found several products on Amazon that work super well with this set-up and I'll provide those links at the end of this review. The set comes with an accessory rack for drying small parts which is perfect for the jar lids...and...in fact, the grooves of the accessory rack just happen to be perfectly spaced to hold juice bottle lids in an upright position so that they air dry thoroughly on both sides. I really like this feature so much. The drain tray is raised so that excess water can easily drip down the 'waterfall lip' and into the sink. No mess, no fuss, such a great price!I purchased two racks because we use A LOT of glass juice bottles. The pegs on the rack are tall enough so that all sides of the bottles are exposed to the air, including the inside, so no condensation or moisture builds up. You can configure the pegs in any manner you desire that works best for your own particular bottle drying needs. The pegs are surprisingly strong and yes, these could be used for home brewers of beer. This drying rack arrives in a very attractive merchandising box with full color illustrations and additional information about product use.Please note: I've added photos with roll-over quick comments on the product listing page.And...here are some of the wonderful bottle brushes I found on Amazon:Winco GWB-3 Glass Washer BrushLibman Glass/Dish SpongePolder KTH-40AP Glass Washing Station All-Purpose Replacement PostAnd I loved this holding bin for keeping all the scrub supplies together.Cambro 415CBP-110 Poly Cambox Plastic Cutlery Insert Box, Black