I've had this monitor set for just over 7 months now and it is fantastic! I ended up purchasing a second set so I could have one upstairs and one downstairs without constantly unplugging, moving, repositioning, etc.  The monitors are compatible with each of the cameras, but 2 monitors cannot be connected to 1 camera at the same time.  This means you can use 1 monitor to view either of the connected cameras or scan both cameras, but the other monitor will no longer have a connection to the cameras (until manually reconnected).  The monitor picture varies based on the light in the room but overall it switches from light to night with no problem. In good light the color is very clear, night vision is black and white.  I'm able to clearly see my daughter on the screen even with very limited light in the room.  (The camera can see her better than "eye" can see her in the dark! SEE what I did there?!) ;-PThe zoom feature is helpful but you must strategically place the camera for it to zoom where you want it to.  It is stationary and does not scan the room, so placing it up high works best.  The camera is portable in that you can easily unplug and move it whenever you want (unless you've screwed it into the wall or ceiling) but the camera does not run on batteries.  The range of the monitor is pretty decent.  I can go in most areas of the house and even just outside without losing signal.  I liked that it does not run on wi-fi and has it's own connection.The monitor screen has a sleep mode to save battery life and the only way to have continuous view is if the monitor is plugged in or pressing the "video on/off" button every time it sleeps.  The sound and light bar will still work while the screen is in sleep mode.  A green light on the monitor will let you know that it is in fact still on- but I usually press the "video on/off" button immediately when the screen tries to nap.The monitor sound has 5-6 levels can get really loud or be turned all the way down.  The camera picks up even quiet sounds such as heavy breathing or tapping of tiny fingers on wooden crib bars and even the creaking of floorboards beneath feet in the hallway outside of the room.While this monitor set does not have all the fancy pantsy extra nonsense like temperature or big HD screen (that would probably break as easily as an iPhone if dropped); it does what it's supposed to do and it does it well.  We refer to this monitor as the "Nokia of baby monitors" because it kind of has that same boxy type look and it is an absolute trooper!!  I have dropped this thing many, MANY times (on concrete, down several steps, down several concrete steps, into the running shower, etc...) and though it has a few scratches, it still works like the first day!  THAT is quality! This Summer Infant Clear Sight Digital Color Monitor Set has definitely exceeded my expectations and I would absolutely recommend it to anyone in the market for a quality video monitor that will last. (Especially if you are like me and constantly dropping things!)