For the first 4 months we used the WashPOD and it has become one of my go-to baby shower gifts.I realize the whole idea is silly - why use this when you could just use the sink or one of those whale tubs?Simple.  Babies LOVE the warm, cozy feel of this that no other infant bathtub can provide.  Traditional infant tubs require that the baby lay in a shallow pool of water and be cold and wet during their bath.  (How many newborns do you know that HATE bath time?) The sink is great and inexpensive - but difficult and uncomfortable for all involved.The Tummy Tub/WashPOD, however, allows the baby to sink into a warm bath and enjoy that cozy womb feeling again.This all sounds SO romantic and cheesy doesn't it?You'll be saying these SAME cheesy things when you see what magic this tub is on a fussy, inconsolable newborn.  Many of the first, elusive smiles and laughs happened when our baby boy was in his WashPOD.  It became part of our nightly routine and I have to say, I nearly cried when I realized he had outgrown it.  It is SO cute to see them scrunch up into the newborn fetal position in their tub, and to watch their tension and frustration and fussies literally wash away.I would like to respond to negative comments about this tub that you may hear in reviews or online:a.  It's hard to clean the baby in there! ! !!Ok.  Yes, it is a tight fit.  We used this for 4 months, however, and shocker. . .our baby did not come out of it smelling like a gym rat!  Even just a quick dunk in there got him perfectly clean enough without drying out his skin.  We used California Baby Wash in the water and he would come out smelling SO good and clean as could be.b.  OMG they could drown! ! !Babies can drown in a whale tub too!  You aren't exactly going to leave them in here and walk away, I hope?c.  Ummm.  It's a bucket.  Why don't I just get the mop bucket out of the garage and use that?This is a special newborn/infant sized bucket. . .and the bottom is lined with foam.  It's comfortable and clean for them. Please don't just use a mop bucket.Every friend who has seen our WashPOD laughed at us until they saw what happened when we put our baby in it - and then they were sold.  Our little guy is now just a few days shy of 6 months (and currently asleep on my lap!) and he loves his nightly bath in the adult/big tub.  I do feel that his early experiences bathing contributed to his love for water and bath time, and can't stress enough how wonderful this product is.