I just received this pump yesterday, and it came in perfect timing. When I went back to work 3 weeks ago, I was pumping during the day and nursing at night, however, my daughter quickly refused the breast. I refused to give her formula, so I was almost exclusively pumping using a hand-me down Medela Pump In-Style that was 6 years old. After bloody nipples and a diminishing milk supply, I decided to start looking for another pump. After searching for several hours, I came across the Spectra 9. I looked on the Amazon UK website at the reviews for the Spectra brand, and decided to take a chance on this. I am extremely pleased that I did. These are my observations so far:-This pump is worth way more than $150 (hopefully that opinion remains after several months of use, but there is a one-year warranty as well)-Upon opening the packaging, I was a little intimidated due to the different parts in comparison to the Medela. I quickly realized it operated very similar however, it is a closed system, so the extra parts are necessary. I did notice the instruction manual may be outdated, because there were two parts that did not match (the valve and membrane seemed to be replaced with a one-piece silicone valve, and the protector did not screw in). Although confusing, I was able to figure it out soon enough. Several parts look similar to the Medela, but they do not work interchangibly.-Another notable feature is its RECHARGEABLE battery- along with a meter on the digital display. I have used the pump 4 times for 10-15 minutes and still have 3 out of the 4 bars remaining.-I can't describe the relief I felt when I first actually used it. It is incredibly comfortable in comparison to the Medela. It starts with a pulsing, massaging suction to the encourage let-down, and you have the ability to change to the regular suction at any time. There are different vacuum levels and cycle levels, although I am still not quite sure what the "Cycle" option is, as nothing seems to change when I increase or decrease. The speed remains the same, and there is no option to increase or decrease, but that wasn't an issue for me at all. The first time I was able to get 7 ounces in apprx 15 minutes.-While it is very lightweight and portable, I wouldn't say you could fit it in a pocket... it is much wider than the picture makes it look. The design is very appealing, and the tote it comes with is cute.So far the only negatives I have are the limited accessories available. Also, the instructions are a little unclear in some aspects, but still easy enough to figure out.Overall, I am so grateful I found this product. I had literally used the very last drop of my stored milk and was seriously considering giving up breastfeeding all together. I am in no way against the Medela brand as I can only speak of my experience with an older pump that was used by my sister-in-law... but the difference in comfort is impossible to describe.I will be sure to update my review in a few months.