We've been cloth-diapering for just over 14 months, we use a mixture of Fuzzi Bunz and Bum Genius pocket diapers and some BG all-in-ones (the BEST if you ask me).I saw the RnG in a specialty shop before my son was born and thought it seemed like an awfully small package and decided to pass it up. Until recently, we've been washing our diapers in regular detergent. I'm not loyal to any one brand, I just prefer unscented, as natural as possible, and then whatever is on sale. This seemed to work out okay until my baby was about 6 months old, then I noticed his diapers had started to reek even when they were just wet.I had had to stop nursing and start formula, which I think stinks quite a bit just on its own, so I thought that could be the issue. We were having terrible problems with leakage, too, he could barely make it half an hour without pee soaking through to his pants, but again I assumed maybe his urine output increased because he was getting more at each feeding with formula. But the problem persisted after he turned a year old.I started Googling "stinky cloth diapers" and learned all about the evils of detergent buildup and using the wrong detergent/amount/method for diapers. It just so happens that apparently All Free and Clear is awful for diapers because it contains a brightening agent that builds up on fleece. Go figure, this was the most recent detergent I had purchased. I tried several times to strip my diapers and started washing them in just baking soda. They still had a musty funk when they came out of the dryer. I thought I had ruined my expensive diapers for good.And for all the glowing reviews I read of RnG, it was the few negative ones that made me nervous. It would be just my luck that it wouldn't work for me. Then I couldn't decide between Funk Rock or Hard Rock. I went for the hard rock and did an overnight soak with it before going to just regular washing.I will say that the magic wasn't instant. I still detected a faint musty smell after the soak and the first few washes. But now not only is the smell totally wiped out, the diapers and liners are softer and fluffier and brighter than they were before. They were getting to be a little dingy with the regular detergent.For the record, I have a top-loader, nothing fancy, I live in an apartment and it came with the unit. I run a cold cycle with no soap, then a hot cycle with a cold rinse (my machine only lets me rinse cold) with 2 tbs of Rockin' Green. My diaper loads are usually small to medium but I set my washer for a large load for the most water. Sometimes I do another soap-free cold cycle after but usually stopping after the hot wash is fine. Then I tumble dry low.This stuff is amazing, don't write it off if you don't notice an immediate difference. And it's a small package but I was surprised by the heft it had to it, and at 2 tbs per load, it'll last a while. Plus if you only use it for diapers...well, we were down to once it twice a week but now we have two in diapers so we wash about every other day if not every day.