Two years ago tomorrow my (then 16 month old) son fell out a second story window of our house onto our driveway. After a terrifying ambulance ride and night of MRIs and X-rays the doctors concluded that the fracture in his skull wasn't too bad and he came home bruised but healthy. There were two intelligent, alert adults in the room when my son fell out the window. We were changing diapers and putting on pijamas with his siblings when in a couple wiggles he was up the chair and up onto the windowsill. The warnings on screens are sincere, they do nothing to retain a child leaning against them.When we went to childproof our windows after this we tried several options, including fancy locks that screwed in to the metal frame and could switch between locked and unlocked (in the event of a fire). One after another we'd go to open a window with muscle memory of the window opening all the way, and smash the locks right off.Velcro and tape didn't really seem like it would be much of a contender, but once we installed one of these we knew we had found the winner.I understand that different windows have different designs. We've used these in two different homes now (both built in the last 20 years) and have had zero problems with them. I'm truly baffled by the one star reviews that mention either the velcro slipping or the tape not holding. I really don't think I could force the window open with these in place if my life depended on it (but they're easy to remove). The velcro is robust and the tape/glue is incredible. Some have mentioned windows that can slide OVER these. Which I can't imagine (they're about the size of the smallest door stop), but apparently could be a problem for some windows.They do the three things you'd want any window lock to do, and they do it great. 1. They prevent a child from opening the window past a custom point that you set, but still allow for a breeze. 2. They prevent an intruder from forcing a window open, while still allowing for a breeze. 3.They are easy for an adult to remove in the event of fire. The velcro is incredibly tough horizontally, but are just easy enough for an adult to pop off pulling away (rather than across) the velcro.None of my intelligent kids, the oldest now five, have ever been able to remove one. I truly believe any adult could look at it and easily remove the wedge in the event of fire, even if they weren't aware the window had a locking mechanism (which I can't say for any other mechanism). Lastly, not only do you get to place the wedge where you want (for a one inch crack or a 4 inch crack or whatever), the strip of velcro that tapes/glues to the window frame is significantly longer than the wedge, so you can reposition it easily if you want a smaller or wider opening at any time (try that with screws).P.S. When we moved from out last home to this one a few months ago, we had to remove these. The taped/glued velcro strip was on incredibly tight. I had to tug very hard to remove it. But when it came off, it left no residue behind at all. Basically what i'm trying to say is that these are perfect in every way.