So, hopefully people read 5 stars after the one stars like I do... I'll start with my review then point out a few things from the one star reviews...We're still on formula with our twins. This means their poop is this disgusting blend of yellow chunks and dark green paste. thick paste... peanut butter paste. Chunky green and yellow peanut butter poop. This sprayer gets it all off.Now on to the 1 star wonders:1. The button leakThe "old style" button did leak. They have since fixed that problem according to other people. I have seen pictures of older buttons and its a small difference, but there are two different styles. I have also been told that the company is great about replacing buttons.2. The "forgot to turn it off"Really? they didn't follow instructions and then complain. If you left your outdoor hose on with a nozzle on the end, do you know what happens? I do, we made that mistake last summer... the pressure will build up until the weakest point fails (in our case, a section of the hose broke) and it will flood everything. We didn't go to the nozzle maker (I think it was Ace hardware brand) and complain because we accepted we were stupid.And being sleep deprived is no excuse. Really, there's a reminder printed ON the sprayer...3. Pressure is too high/only one pressure availableYou can adjust it. That handle you use to turn it on- just turn it a little less.4. It makes a mess.See my answer to #3. If you have adjusted the pressure already, then it stands to reason that every sprayer will have the same problem right? (if its at the lowest pressure setting it can be to easily clean the diaper then any sprayer would do the same thing.)Buy or make a "Spray pal" look it up. you'll thank me.5. Pressure too high to be used for postpartum cleaning of "personal area"Again see #3. But really, who just decides to power wash their nether regions? Doesn't it make sense to check pressure before spraying water on yourself, especially after the area has been ripped/cut and stretched and otherwise damaged...