when i was still pregnant, i thought i wouldn't need a changing table.  then my husband's co-worker said it's actually pretty essential, so i decided to get one.  this is very easy to put together (after putting together a crib and a glider, this is easy job for my hubby).  it look very nice, classy and sturdy.  the changing pad fits perfectly (although it also comes with a very thin pad with a strap, i prefer the summer infant changing pad).  we stock up the shelves with diapers, creams (a basket of them), disposable chux pad (to cover the changing pad), formula bottle, toys, tissue, bibs, burp cloth, pacifier boxes, etc.  plenty of space.  the surface of the changing table is long enough to have the baby and big box of wipe at the end.  everything is centralized and as long as i keep the shelves well stock, everything is there when you need them.sometimes when my baby fuss, i put him onto the changing table and it could help calm him from time to time, not sure if it's because the changing pad shape or maybe the height of the table??for me to work on the baby, changing table is the perfect height, i wouldn't like to bend down on the bed to change diapers which hurts my back (that was the original plan if i don't use a changing table, what was i thinking????)other than changing diaper, i also put the baby on the changing table when i need to clean the baby up a bit, like his mouth, face, nose, wipe down his feet.  also great for when the baby has a spit up (happens quite often) and i need to change his outfit.  also, my baby has very dry and sensitive skin.  i need to put lotion on him all the time.  and no lotion or cream works for him other than aquaphor (which is an ointment so it takes forever and ever to rub it into the skin).  having the baby on the changing table to rub ointment on him is so much easier than doing it on other surfaces.it's so useful for us that we ended up getting a second one and putting it on the first floor, since we don't want to carry the baby back and forth between floors, it gets too annoying after a week.the only thing that concerns me is that now the baby loves to kick and his arms frail like crazy, he could accidentally bang his hands and heels to the size of the changing table, which is wood.  i could imagine it'll hurt a bit, but it actually hasn't happen yet.