This is the best carrier ever!! This was the 4th carrier I have tried ( Bjorn, Infantino, Ergo) and finally- one that is perfect!! Someone posted this in a facebook group I am in and I bought one the next day. It is seriously the best designed, most functional carrier I have seen. Here are my favorites about it:1. It is complete and no extra parts like an uncomfortable insert are needed like with the Ergo.2. 6 different positions is amazing- from baby to big is wonderful. The Original Ergo doesn't allow for forward facing- this does and is great. The infantino does, but is horrible on comfort.3. It is breathable- and the option to make it more breathable with the front panel unzipped is great. I live in Georgia so humidity and heat were a big concern. This is not a sweat box like the ergo.4. The lumbar pad is such a great added piece- it truly helped my back from my messed up epidural. Not any other carrier I went through had this nice padded piece. It really absorbs the weight. I really think all of the padding is much better than any of the others I have tried. It is truly comfortable to wear.5. The re-positional seat is great to adjust for baby- no other carrier I had does this.6. It is incredibly easy to put on. In just a few clicks I can have baby in and be ready to go- facing in or out are both comfortable.7. It is very user friendly for first time moms. I like that I can wear it back pack straps or regular, how I can easily adjust the baby from front to inward facing while wearing baby, and it is really comfortable. My baby loves this carrier! He falls asleep in it all the time.8. This carrier is lightweight and gets the job done.9. The colors are great and not overbearing10. The hood is Great! Love to use it to keep baby asleep11. 6 positions- including newborn- comfortable for mom/or dad and baby, stylish- and designed with the wearer in mind- completely and perfectly worth every penny!The only con I would say is that it advertises that you can breastfeed in it- but this complete seasons doesn't have much/any side boob coverage. I dont mind that because everything else- as far as comfort and versatility trump that minor detail. Trust me when I say- buy this carrier and not any other. You will not be disappointed.