I ordered this pregnancy pillow right around the end of my first trimester when sleeping on my stomach became impossible. I am a stomach sleeper so sleeping on my side was incredibly uncomfortable for me. Realizing I was going to spend another 6 months side sleeping, I began an online search for the perfect pregnancy pillow. I read online reviews on amazon.com and even though the pillows that wrapped around your body got good reviews, it just looked like too much pillow for me. I wanted to be able to roll over multiple times and didn't want the trouble of fighting with an oversized pillow. Also, I didn't like the idea of my head resting on this pillow, I am a picky pillow person and prefer the one I already had. Not to mention we have a queen size bed and I wasn't sure how well it would fit or how much room would be left for my hubby. Anyway, I finally landed on this pillow and sent away for it. I washed the cover to get rid of the "packaging smell" and used it right away. It was the perfect size. The size is similar to the picture shown. When sleeping on your side you can position the pillow so the round part is right between your legs. If you put it high up like that you can also rest your arm on the upper part. It doesn't go higher than the shoulder which was good for me because I can still use my regular pillow while using the pregnancy pillow (I am 5'3'' if that helps you guesstimate how high this pillow would be for you). Or, you can shift the round part lower down between your knees which puts the top of the pillow at the top of your belly so it isn't in the way of your arm. I found it very easy to roll over with this pillow. I just squeezed it between my knees and rolled and the pillow was compact enough to roll with me without getting "stuck" in the sheets. I also liked the thickness of the pillow. It puts enough space between your knees to realign your hips. I slept better, longer and with less discomfort using this pillow. I also like that the color is a nice, neutral tan and can be thrown in the wash with my sheets. I washed it once a week from week 12 - 31 without any issues. No threads coming off, no zipper problems, it held up really well. My only complaint is now that my baby bump is more substantial, I seem to have worn down the pillow a bit. It is not as fluffy as it was. Having said that, it still does its job, but like I said, I'm a picky pillow person, I like the fluff. I ordered a second one in week 31 to get me through the end of my pregnancy. I'll probably hang on to the first (deflated) one for the hospital and keep the second one at home since you can also use it for nursing. I would highly recommend this pillow. Great size, excellent comfort and the price is right.