This is the 3rd play yard that I have purchased for my children. This is for the one that we are expecting now and just from putting it together I can confidently say that of all of the ones before it, this is the BEST! We previously used a Graco pack N play with all the bells and whistles which I liked, but I always seemed to have an issue with for some reason.First off, with our other one, the diaper changing table part was very flimsy feeling and my daughter would roll over onto her side or even her face when we placed her down for a change. This was because it was only supported on one end with bars but simply hung over on the other end. This play yard takes care of that because it is FULLY SUPPORTED on all 4 sides and does not bend in or slump down at all. Plus it supports a much heavier weight than the other one did.Second, the bassinet part comes out and can be used as a floor gym with the toy bar attached to it. This is also nice since it makes one less thing to buy, unless you decide on one of those fancy floor gyms instead.Third, the entire play yard is extremely sturdy and does not rock around as easily as the others. It seems very solid and although it is such, it doesn't feel like it weighs a ton like the others.Fourth (and last), I VERY much enjoy the fact that I can simply fold over the diaper changing table and it's totally out of the way! The other play yard we used didn't have this option. You actually had to take apart the bars that attached it to the play yard frame and find somewhere to store it, only to put it back up 30 mins later to change another diaper! This just flips over and lays on the side of the play yard and takes 2 seconds to put back and secure. It creates so much more of an open space in the play yard for the baby.All in all, I really cannot complain about much. The only one thing I wasn't extremely thrilled about was the feel of the material on the bassinet pad. It was a little rough and seems like it would be uncomfortable or scratchy if the baby was placed right on top of it. We were able to remedy this by purchasing the Carters Play Yard sheets (which we got super cheap right here) and it took care of that issue all together!I LOVE this play yard for everything it has and it is extremely cute as well.