These bags made all of my wildest breastmilk pumping and storing dreams come true!  I would give them 6 or 7 stars.They combine all of the good features of the other brands into one product, with none of the flaws that the other products have.I love these bags!Okay, so here's the low down on these:- This is the new version of Honeysuckle's breastmilk bags, which are designed to be used with a pump--you just pump right into them.The bags have little holes on the top part, so that you can attach them to a pump adapter.  SO, for the full experience, you need a pump adapter or two, which you can get by purchasing a pack of bags made by your pump's manufacturer.  I bought these Medela bags: Medela Pump & Save Breastmilk Bags with Easy-Connect Adapter - 50 ct because I have a Medela pump.  I don't know if adapters are interchangeable between brands.  Then, use the Medela bags if you want, so that you're not wasting, and so that you know how wonderful these Honeysuckle bags are when you start using them.  Whether or not you use the bags, keep the little plastic adapters.Then get some of these Honeysuckle breast pump bags, and you'll see how perfect they are.MEDELA VS. HONEYSUCKLEAll right, so here are the reasons that I like this bag better than the Medela bags:1. The plastic is not as rigid as the Medela bags, yet it is still thick enough that you don't have to worry about it.2. Get this: the Honeysuckle bags fit the Medela easy adapter better than the Medela bags do!  With the Medela bags, you have to put them on at just the right angle, and it's kind of a tight fit.  Then removing the bags after you've pumped is...well, interesting.  The Honeysuckle bags are easy to put on, and they still stay put while you're pumping, but then they are easy to remove when you're done.3. The Honeysuckle bags can be stored flat in the freezer so that it is easier to store more, instead of having a bunch of squatty bags like the Medela ones.  Or, you can store them upright if you prefer.  Another nice thing about storing them flat is that they defrost more quickly when you're ready to use them.4. The Honeysuckle bags can fit more milk.  They are marked to 6 oz (Medela is marked to 5 oz), but since they can be stored flat, there is also just a bunch of extra space.  So, if you fill a little more it doesn't create any problem.  The Medela bags get kind of messy if you put any more than 5 oz.5. The Honeysuckle bags have two seals.  Medela only has one, and it doesn't always seal perfectly.6. The Honeysuckle bags are much, much less expensive than Medela bags: right now (based on the cost of packs of 50 bags on Amazon) Honeysuckle bags are about 23 cents each and Medela bags are 40 cents each.  So, Medela bags are almost double the cost of Honeysuckle bags.Those are the things that come to mind.LANSINOH VS. HONEYSUCKLE1. The Lansinoh bags cannot attach to a pump directly.  So, you either have to pump into something else first or hold the bag the whole time you pump.2. The seams on the Lansinoh bags are thin--Honeysuckle's seams are very thick, so you really don't have to worry about them splitting at all.3. Lansinoh bags are meant to be stored flat, which is great, but they are awkward to try to stand up (when you're filling them or actually using them). Honeysuckle bags can also be stored flat, but they have a special bottom of the bag that makes it so that it can stand up well too.4. Lansinoh bags are partially sealed at the top, which is supposed to reassure us that the bags are sterile.  Honeysuckle bags are completely sealed at the top, which is much more reassuring.5. The label area on Lansinoh bags is upside down (so that they are right-side up while in the freezer, maybe?).  Regular Honeysuckle bags have the writing right-side up, which I think is nice---BUT! These pump bags have no writing, so you can do your own thing, and if you want to put it right-side up or upside down, either will work.6. Lansinoh bags are considered the cheap brand; right now on Amazon each bag works out to about 21 cents.  At only 23 cents each right now, Honeysuckle bags are very comparable in price, while the quality is far superior.I am aware that there are a few other brands of bags out there, but I haven't tried them.  I started with Medela bags, switched to Lansinoh but didn't even finish the package of those, switched back to Medela, started buying non-pump Honeysuckle bags--which are also very good, and just heard about these.  I won't be switching brands again, because I can't think of anything I would want to be different.If you're considering these bags, I definitely recommend that you buy them.  You won't regret it.  The only thing that is kind of a pain about them is that they are not available in any stores near me, so I have to get them online.  That just means I have to plan ahead a little, but I can handle that.  Every time I order bags from Honeysuckle (this was my third order), I have received them within a few days, so shipping time is also minimal.