I wanted to write a review of this stroller, since I know important of a purchase this is for many parents.This weekend we received our Cruz stroller and every time I go out for a walk, I want to hum the song from their web site. I think this stroller rocks. But....We have a 2 year old toddler and have been using City Mini since birth. I have recently developed tendinitis in the left hand and pushing and turning City Mini with one hand or pushing it on a rough terrain was getting a bit hard. After much search, I realized that squared off handle (like UppaBaby or Stokke or Mountain Buggy or Bugaboo) are easier to maneuver than half round handle like Citi Mini has.Also at 2 years, out baby is very talkative and I wanted her to be facing me, so we can chat on our walks together. There is less stroller options in Canada, so when I walked into a store and asked for an easy to push stroller, which is easy to fold and has option to reverse seat and folds down in 1 piece I was shown Stokke Scoot and Mountain Buggy Cosmopolitan.I loved Stokke, because it is a nice looking and well made stroller. Seams are perfectly executed (I work as interior and fashion designer so these details stand out) and fabric is very good quality. I loved the umbrella on the side and options of various fabrics for summer. Folding it down, seemed easy, but for my condition, these movements were too difficult. What I didn't like was smallish storage, only having 2 options for reclining the seat, too narrow seat and no snack tray. Overall when walking with stroller it seemed very stiff. What seemed the ideal stroller was Cosmopolitan Mountain Buggy. It folds beautifully easy, has nice big wheels, seat is ample and has a foot rest (Scoot doesn't have that either, which seemed like we would miss in the winter). It folded large, but my husband liked it enough to buy it. I didn't like the color options (IMHO denim is too dark for summer), so I kept on looking.Then a friend of ours let me borrow her UppaBaby Vista. And I loved it from the moment we took it out for a walk. What we both disliked was size and weight and how cumbersome it was too fold. But I was convinced I was on the right track. I looked at Cruz and was in love with the yellow and purple color choices. I decided to go with that stroller, since I had the experience with Vista already and on my visit to the store, I discovered that Cruz was very easy to fold down and operate. Unfortunately since you are not allowed to take the stroller on the street, you don't know how it will handle. Well, after 2 days of using it, I have to say that it feels rickety. Out Citi Mini was a much smoother ride compared with this. After comparing the Citi Mini and Cruz, I see that Citi Mini frame is fully covered with fabric and handle is covered with rubber. It may be also that wheels are different (although they are same size). Cruz frame is fully exposed. It feels to me that joints on the Cruz are not as snug as they should be (perhaps that is why Stokke felt stiff but may have been a better option).Our girl is not an infant anymore, so she probably doesn't mind, but I am disappointed that it is this wobbly on a city sidewalk. Oh and the cup holder seems like a waste of money, it turns upside down when I put in a cup of coffee. Luckily the first time it happened I had a closed cup, otherwise coffee would have spilled all over me or the baby. And yes, I went back to see the instructions to make sure it was installed properly. Maybe it is good for a very light cup, like container of bubbles.Pros:large storage basket- finally I can fit a box of diapers (I used to stuff it under my arm, or carry in one hand or on top of the canopy or my head, just kidding)easy to fold- it is no Citi Mini, but still pretty easy, it requires both hands to pull up notches on sides and press downfront and back facing- yes nice when they are an infant so you can check on them, but I think even more enjoyable when you can interact with your baby and point to squirrels and planeseasy to maneuver- squared off handle is easier than rounded handle like Citi Minilage canopyfoot rest with fabric at back (stoke has no fabric and kids legs are dangling or cold in the winter)Cons:the rickety feeling - frame feels "loose" or rickety when when using the stroller, I used to not care much when crossing the street with street car tracks, now they are super noticeable and the wheels actually dip and stop into the grooves, I was not prepared for thatOur first experience with Citi Mini was thru friends who had one. They gave us run down of how it folds and how it runs on the Paris cobblestones and gravel in the parks. We pushed it with their kid around town and basically knew what to expect. When you are a new parent and go to the showroom and push around a stroller on a very shiny and polished floor or even carpet, you do not get the same experience as you will in real life. I would say, it s best to find a friend who has the same stroller you want and ask them to take it for a ride to the grocery store. Fold it up a few times and pack it in the car while holding a bag of oranges (that will be your baby). Also try it out with few accessories you will need in the winter to make sure they will fit (JJCOLE Bundle me didn't work with Citi Mini and was a pain to keep it from sliding down).