It's a great swing and I love that you can detach the seat easily with one hand and take it with you. Very handy for when I have to go potty and don't want to leave the baby unsupervised around my 18 month old and 4 year old. (18 Month old loves to hug too hard.) It was easy to put together. The seat cover is soft and cushy, and deep. Its swings well and I only have to use it on the lowest setting so far. It has music and nature sounds, You can do one or the other, they do not combine. And don't expect much from the speaker, it sounds cruddy, but so does any baby toy speaker... The toys are pathetic! I don't think the baby will be able to reach them until she is about 6,7,8,9 months old! And even then they only spin 90 degrees, jiggle on a little spring and make a rather loud startling rattle sound. I am going to have to buy or make one of those stroller or carseat toys Bright Starts Hop Along Carrier Toy Bar - Neutral  Infantino Car Seat Buddies  Baby Einstein Neptune Infant Carrier Musical Toy Bar to attach to the handle arch, something with lights and things to touch and interact with to keep my baby happy. She's only a month old but already gets bored in it. I like that the seat is so deep, but it does keep her from seeing any of her surroundings, except for the ceiling... I also wish the seat did more on its own when detached, besides rock, like vibrate or play music or sounds, so I will have to add toys to the bar. I guess i was so excited about being able to take her from room to room without waking her or buying different seats or swings or unstrapping her and re-strapping her in and out that I didn't consider the entertainment. It is great for the a for mentioned aspect, I just really wish it had a mirror or lights or vibration, especially for over $100! So just be prepared to add your own! Turning it on does not automatically start it swinging, which is kinda cool if you don't want it to swing but just play sounds or music. One little bar comes in and out (Like a coo coo clock) on the right of the white part of the seat handle and that's how it rocks, no mechanical action happens up where it detaches/attaches like I thought it did. Not a negative or a positive, just letting you know cuz I was curious before I bought it. In the product description pictures of just the seat you see that white thing that looks kinda like a dog bone on the arch of the handle. That is what clicks in and out of the swing so you don't have to worry about your fingers getting pinched or stuck or smushed. The saftey latch in the picture looks like you might have to turn it in a circle to unlock, but actually it just slides so you can use your knuckes to take the seat out with one hand.Some questions I wondered before I bought it that I can answer now: Yes you can take the seat on and off with one hand. No that big handle that arches above the seat does not move (like a carseat handle) or height adjust. Yes it reclines. 2 positions. Kinda Cheesy Functioning though. The Music and sounds have volume control, the songs are mostly classical/lullabys.