I absolutely love this highchair. We bought this product when our son was about 6 months old. He wasn't really sat well in highchairs at restaurants because the wooden ones backs don't go up very high, and he likes to lean back. The white back part of this highchair comes up at the perfect hight for him. He is now 11 months old, and still loves this chair. It works great. It folds up very nice, the white back folds down, and the white booster parts on the bottom fold in, making it very compact and easy to take to restaurants.I love the fact that the tray is dishwasher safe. It has been going thru ours almost every other day for 5 months now, and it is still very sturdy.Reading some of the other complaints about the straps for their children, I haven't had any problems with the straps being too low, or coming loose. My son is 22lbs, and he is a very squirmy boy, and this thing holds him in place! Sometimes I have a problem un-buckling the straps, just because they stick, but it is rare, and not a big deal. The straps that go around and under to secure it to the chair pull tight, and fit snug to the kitchen chair, not allowing his highchair to move at all. I do suggest you put a towel underneath the highchair. We have very nice chairs, and the highchair doesn't cover the whole surface, so alot of the food that gets thrown or dropped lands on the material of the chair, and is basiclly ruining it! (Obviously not the highchair's fault, just giving some advise!!)The one problem that has recently come up; I like to use the white bottom booster parts, to make him a little more higher and at our level. When we go places, I collapse them to make more space. Well recently, one of the tabs on the white piece broke off. The highchair still works, but I no longer have the option to make it a few inches higher. I am currently in the process of contacting Safety 1st, to get a replacement piece.Not sure why there are so many negative reviews on this product, maybe because they are from 2009, and they improved the product since then. I purchased it back in 2010, and am very thankful for it. It is very convient for us, and our son loves to sit in it. I am very happy.