The reviews are pretty spot on.  After visiting a local stroller depot and testing the sister products to this stroller I decided to give it a go.  Strollers are expensive and I wasn't willing to fork over 400 for a Bob jogging stroller.  Because I jog on even paved walkways around parks this stroller would do it.Out of the box, it pretty much all snaps together, I set it up in 2 minutes flat with out the manual. Seriously impressed with that part.  Its a smooth stroller, easy to push and maneuver.  It is actually bigger than I thought it was going to be but small enough that at 5'2" I don't struggle with it at all.  It is the obosite of bulky.  Super easy to fold, very light, and spacious in the seat area for baby.Cons- I think the basket is hard to access.  You can fit a lot under there but pulling my diaper bag out is annoying, from the rear the bar is in the way, it bends up to keep items from falling out.  From one side it snags on the release lever that hangs down and keeps the stroller shut when folded.  So I always have to pull my things out from one side. Annoying but doesn't make me hate it.This stroller pulls hard to the right like others have expressed.  It bothers me when I'm trying to run and push with one hand but not enough that I care to exchange it for another.The five point buckle system is a terrible design.  You have to first slide 2 pieces together on one side and hold it together while you slide it into the buckle.  Then you have to do the other side. Its okay if the kid is sleeping but the first time my husband did it I stood back and watched him struggle for about 4 minutes.  He suggested taping the side and top straps together so you only have to click in 2 pieces instead of 4.  It would be simple if the first two pieces that you slide together would click into place so you didn't have to hold it together.  As a product designer I can't for the life of me understand why they settled on this.  On the other hand its super easy to get the kid out fast.  Push the big button in the middle and and watch 4 pieces shoot out.I didn't spend the extra money to get the tray and handle bar caddy by this company because there are better universal soft ones on the market.Pros - it reclines easily with a toggle like pull.  Lays back pretty far which is awesome for napping, plus my 5 month old can't sit up yet.The tires are hard no no flats. Small enough that it isn't obnoxious and overkill for city living but big enough to get over all the uneven sidewalks in Denver.Perfect for small houses and cars.  Very compact and pretty flat when folded. Easy to take on the bus and will still fold up nicely with my caddy attached to the bars.The material is easy to clean.  We already had to clean mud and melted gum from it. The whole grip is covered in foam that seems that it will last.I can fold it with one hand and throw it in the back of my car while holding a baby!I would buy it again.  No doubt this was the perfect stroller for me.