I purchased these to add detail my sons room. They look realistic really nice, like they were painted on. I had not realized what the "transfer" part meant and I was expecting decals. The transfers ended up not being hard to work with. They are transferred onto a light sky blue paint and they blend in very well. I like the details of each cloud. You can see by the item picture that there are a few different size clouds and an infinite combination of looks you can achieve because you can have a cloud overlap another to make a new cloud. I did that a few times on the one big wall in the room so there would not be duplicate clouds or to just have one touching another. Transferring the cloud onto the wall was easy. You just have to cut out each cloud individually from the large sheet, line it up on the wall and use the included tongue depressor to rub the cloud onto the wall. After you rub it completely, start lifting off the top plastic layer slowly to be sure it has completely separated front the top plastic and is stuck to the wall. Instructions from the website included were sufficient to guide me. You do had to make sure you rub every bit of the cloud, especially all of the edges several times. I only had an issue with my first transfer as I lifted the top layer before fully rubbing off the transfer. One small piece of cloud folded under another. That can not be fixed. It is noticeable but so small that it doesn't matter. Also, you need to rub enough to remove air bubbles, if any air bubbles remain, just rub it down gently with your hand after removing the top plastic and it will stick to the wall. I started with the biggest clouds and did not have the hang of how much I needed to rub down the transfer before peeling up the top layer. It is a simple process and this vendor included two tongue depressor like pieces of wood to rub the transfer onto the wall with. The best part of this purchase is that the vendor included an extra set of transfers for free and I ended up needing to use them all to have enough for four walls of the room. Just have some patience because once it's on, I don't think it can come off. Instructions say you paint over it when you want to get rid of them. Very pleased with this purchase.