EDIT: I have used this bag daily for the past eleven months and I have to give it a fifth star back for quality, which I earlier deducted. There isn't a SINGLE thing wrong with this bag, no zipper has stuck, no seam come undone. It works same as the day I bought it and I still get compliments on it as the surface looks new. SO HAPPY.I received this bag today, April 2nd 2013. My first impression was that the bag was slightly larger than I anticipated after looking at pictures on Amazon. It's quite tall and wide so I'm very happy with its size!! It's also surprisingly lightweight, thankfully. It's just as beautiful in person as it is online. I looooove how it looks.The numerous unique pockets are really handy. There are designated bottle compartments which will fit most 8oz or smaller bottles. The short, fat Comotomo bottles don't go in very easily though. There are two wide pockets on the inside great for a Kindle, travel wipes case or a woman's wallet. The base of this bag is a couple inches wide.The front exterior pockets are as wide as my spread out hand (again, larger than I expected it to be!) They're also quite deep. Great size for thin items like diapers, travel wipes case, snacks, cell phone, nursing cover, etc. They don't have any closure except a simple dot magnet, but that doesn't bother me. There are three pen slots in one of the front pockets.The two brown/red zippers up top were a surprise for me. The pictures on Amazon did not convey quite how they worked. They are essentially two "large envelope" sized pockets that line the bag opening. One is shallow and one is deep. I'll probably keep my phone, keys and wallet in one of these since it seems more secure than an open pocket and very easily accessible since these important items won't fall to the bottom of your bag.The adjustable strap is extremely smooth and easy to adjust. The stroller clips are a REAL pain to get around the stroller!! You almost need a third hand to hold the bag while operating that tiny clip. They don't get in the way of the bag opening or closing luckily (a simple hidden magnet, no sticky zippers or noisy velcro) I bought a 2pk of Think King stroller hooks and now I adore the stroller straps in this bag.The material of this bag feels sort of like.. thick vinyl. Similar to a really thick, waterproof beach bag. It doesn't look or feel anything like a cotton material or leather. The front pockets were wrinkled when it arrived but straightened out right away with use. The interior is a gray/lavender color. The brown accents are a latte color and the strap is a slightly different color than the zipper and handle accents. The two top zippers get stuck every time I try to zip them closed one handed. The bag stands up on its own, even when fully packed.The bag is beautiful and it's got great pockets. It's obvious they know what parents want in a bag, but the quality is only slightly disappointing. It looks great but feels a tiny bit cheap. I would gladly pay another $20 to have the zippers upgraded and heftier strap.Overall, very happy with it if it. I'll update this review in a few months with how it's holding up.Edit: This bag is getting daily use and after five months, it's still in perfect condition. Very pleased with it! I've traveled with it on eight plane rides, multiple vacations and WAY too many walks to the grocery store. It's held up and has been the perfect size for my now-6-month old.I regularly pack:-5 diapers-wipes case-couple of creams-Sohpie giraffe-small board book-two bottles-formula-teether, toy, foam letters-aden + anais blanket-extra outfit-tissues-paci and case-changing pad-phone, wallet, keys