When deciding on nursery furniture, my husband and I wanted to get small pieces that would fit in our apartment, would look nice, and last for the first year or so.  This looked like it would fit the bill.  I especially liked the idea of the canvas baskets and hamper for storage.  Shipping from Amazon was quick and it was delivered in great condition.  The box wasn't too big, my husband carried it up the three flights of stairs to our apartment without much trouble.  I don't think I would have been able to myself.I must be weird, but one of my favorite things about this type of furniture is the process of putting it together.  I'm a self-professed IKEA junkie.  This unit, however, was a bit tricky to assemble.  The parts weren't labeled, so it takes a bit to sort through them.  Some of the holes weren't drilled all the way through, but we managed to get it together.  You really need to read through all the directions carefully before attempting assembly.The finished result is only okay.  I'm disappointed with the quality.  The paint isn't the greatest and I doubt the hamper is long for this world.  It doesn't quite fit in the track.  The baskets don't match the hamper in color either.  It's not too bad, but if it's the sort of thing that would drive you crazy, you might want to stay away.  Like others have already said, you'll probably want to replace the changing mat, it's very thin.I do like the aesthetic of it.  It has nice clean lines and I like the color.  It's not too big, so it doesn't take up much room.  The baskets do add a lot of storage and usefulness to it.  I don't think I would order it if I had seen it in person first, but I don't dislike it enough to send it back.***Update***. Now that my little one is here, I felt the need to update this review.  I replaced the changing pad with the Summer Infant Changing Pad, which fits beautifully.  All of the extra storage on this changing table is indispensable.  Everything I need is easily within arms reach and having a hamper right under the table is more useful than I could have guessed.  I also purchased an organizer for it that hangs off the side to hold diapers, wipes, and lotions.  I am adding a star to my initial review to due the high functionality of this table.