In my quest for a great stroller, many have fallen by the wayside.....gone to Goodwill, been given away, sold at consignment, etc.  I have used the Zapp for about 2 years, and it has endured and excelled. Even after much use, it does not wiggle, wobble, or squeak.  It is, by far, the closest I've found to great.  The wheels are the best I've ever used.  They are rubber, as opposed to plastic, so it rolls as easily on smooth tile or polished hardwood as it does over concrete.  The wheels are wide enough to easily cross broken sidewalk and rough doorways, I've even pushed it across grass and sand with ease.  One of the most awesome features is the steering.  It is one hand, even one finger, push and steer with my 33 lb. toddler in it.  I can turn it in a complete circle with one hand.  The wide wheelbase does make some aisles impossible, but I'll sacrifice that for the other great features. The wide wheelbase also makes it more stable than any other folding stroller I have used.  I can easily hang a purse on the back, but probably not a full size, loaded diaper bag. My toddler can wiggle and flail around without fear.  The seat is a durable, breathable material and has great support.  The only drawback is that it does not recline. I carry one of those circular headrests in the basket.  The footrest area is perfect, even for a tall, 37" child.  The breaking system is awesome, even in flip flops.  The basket is small, but I didn't expect much in a lightweight folding stroller. I can stuff a small diaper bag and a few purchases in, but not much more. I've seen better sunshades, but this one is still more than adequate.  The parent and child windows are great.  The major selling point to me was the small fold. In its bag, I can put it in the overhead of an airplane.  I have read that some people have had trouble getting it into the bag, but I've never had a problem.  It is great in restaurants or waiting rooms.  It folds small enough to roll under a table or most chairs.  The fold and unfold is easiest with two hands, but not impossible with one.  The side releases do not have to be depressed at the same time, though the left one must be depressed first. It can be awkward with one hand. The other thing of note about unfolding it is that you have to use the top of your foot to pull the back of the frame out, or else you have to bend down and do it by hand.  It is not comfortable in flip flops or sandals.  If you are looking for something you can fold and carry on the train, bus, subway, etc., this might not be the stroller for you.  It is compact and lightweight, but doesn't have a strap or handle.  It is awkward to carry unless it is in the case, which isn't convenient when using public transportation.  This stroller wouldn't be my only stroller from infancy, but for what it is designed to be, a lightweight small folder, it has been great.  This has been my favorite stroller yet.