I am a mother with 3 young children and I wanted to know which bibs worked the best. I have compared the Bumkins Superbib, the Babybjorn bib, the Bibbity bib, and the Bumkins Sleeved bib.With my first child, I quickly realized that using cloth bibs and putting them in the laundry after each meal was a terrible idea. They would get moldy and I had to own a dozen bibs.  Then I switched to Bumkins Superbibs. They are very easy to use. I just wash them in the sink after meals and hang them on my bib drying rack. The bibs are dry and ready to use again by the next meal.  Bumkins Superbibs are lightweight and my babies never mind wearing them.  Since the pockets are soft, they don't work well if the bib has been kept flat in a drawer. I always kept my Superbibs hanging upside down by the pocket on the bib drying rack. So, the pocket dried in the open position and worked better. Now my third child is 8 months old and is eating mushy baby food. Even with the Bumkins Superbibs, there are still always some oatmeal spills on his clothes. I rarely have to change his entire outfit after a meal, but I wondered if there was a better bib available. So, I bought a BabyBjorn bib and a Bibbity bib.  Here are my results.Both the BabyBjorn and the Bibbity bibs are SMALLER than the Bumkins Superbibs. The Babybjorn bib is made of hard plastic (like a cup). It says "soft" in the description but that is just nonsense.  The Bibbity bib is softer, like rubber.The Babybjorn bib is difficult to put on the baby because it is so hard. Even the neck strap is made of stiff plastic. I had great difficulty adjusting the neck hole because it kept hurting my son's neck. I never could get the hole small enough to keep food from escaping onto the clothes below his chin.  Plan on baby crying the entire time you are fiddling with his bib. The pocket of the bjorn bib is great and always stays open. However, because the pocket is so rigid, it clashes with the tray. My son sits on a chair that clips onto the countertop. The bjorn bib pocket kept getting caught under the countertop and then it would yank my son's neck. He really hated wearing this bib.  The BabyBjorn bib is super easy to wash in the sink. It is easy to dry with a towel so you don't need a bib drying rack with this bib.The Bibbity bib is much better than the BabyBjorn bib. It is softer and feels like rubber. It was awkward to put on at first and my son was mad. However, he got used to it. I was able to get the neck hole small enough to keep most of the oatmeal out without hurting my son's neck.  The pocket stays open pretty well. The pocket does work better than the Bumkins Superbib pockets.  The Bibbity bib is about 1 inch shorter than the Bjorn bib and is 2.5 inches shorter than the Bumkins Superbib. So, some food still ends up on the child's lap. The Bibbity bib is very easy to wash in the sink and dry with a towel. I think the Bibbity bib works a little better than the Bumkins Superbib overall because the pocket catches more. However, my 3 year old daughter refused to wear the Bibbity bib,  and said it hurt her neck. She loves to wear her Bumkins Superbibs. UPDATE. My son is now 13 months old and refuses to wear the Bibbity bib. It is just too uncomfortable. He still doesn't mind wearing the Bumkins Bibs.Unfortunately, all 3 of these bibs left way too much food spilled on my 8 month old's clothes. If you have a baby who eats mushy baby food and grabs the spoon, a regular bib just doesn't give adequate protection. So, I bought 1 MORE bib. I bought the Bumkins sleeved bib. It was GREAT! It covered everything, even his lap! He could feed himself oatmeal and his clothes were very clean afterward! The sleeved bib is very easy to clean too. I just wash it off in the kitchen sink and hang it on my bib drying rack (which sits next to my kitchen sink). The sleeved bib went from dripping wet to completely dry in 2 hours. Since, the bib dries fast, I  use the same sleeved bib at each meal. This way I only had to buy one.In conclusion, I recommend the Bumkins sleeved bib for any baby who eats pureed food. When they start on finger food, the Bumkins Superbibs and the Bibbity bib are good. The Bibbity work a little better than the Bumkins Superbib but your child might think they are uncomfortable. I don't recommend the Babybjorn bib. Sorry, Babybjorn. I LOVE to wear my baby in your carrier:)UPDATE: My son is now 13 months old. He refuses to wear the Bibbity bib at all. It is too heavy and uncomfortable. He also pull off the Bumkins Superbibs, throws them on the floor, and laughs. We now use the Bumkins sleeved bib at every meal which does the best job of protecting his clothes anyway. I wash it after each meal, hang it on the bib drying rack, and it is dry in 2 hours. I throw it in the wash every few days. Here is a link to the drying rack that I am talking about. Mommy Genius Drying Rack--Dry or Display Just About Anything (Baby Bibs, Plastic or Reusable Food Storage Bags, Kitchen Dish Towels, Bathroom Hand Towels, Washcloths, Mugs, Sports Water Bottles, Herbs, Mittens, Children's Boots, Lingerie, Holiday Orname...