A few decades ago, I was living in a residence for a summer which had a housekeeper who took care of dinner, cleaning, and laundry. In explaining the rules of the residence, one of them was unlike any I have ever heard before. The housekeeper made it clear, "I don't sort socks! If you want them sorted, pin them together with Safety (Diaper) Pins." So, in the next few days, I bought a bunch of these at the local supermarket and did as I was told. I found that pinning them at the bottom of the heel area made them easy to fold and put away.These are sometimes hard to come by these days. Yes, I still use them! And, it's been over 25 years since I started. I never stopped pinning my socks together after I left the residence that year and assumed responsibility for doing my own wash once again. First of all, in all this time, I have never lost a sock! I might have lost a pair, but I never kept track of them that closely. I also learned something new that summer. I do not like to sort socks either! With this new knowledge, I was not going to go back to old ways. That would be quite stupid. What I thought might have been a cranky complaint, was actually a mouthful of wisdom.I still have most of the pins I bought that summer. Every now and then I restock. Occasionally, I lose a pin or the plastic breaks for some reason or another. These, however, are constructed for the safety of babies. They are stainless steel and do not rust. When they close, they lock in a way that they must be deliberately opened. They are strong and can last through several decades of weekly washings. If you do the wash for a family, you can assign different colors Cloth Diaper Pins Stainless Steel Traditional Safety Pin to each person so that you never have to figure out who belongs to which socks (another trick of the housekeeper). They are also a bargain when you consider the price.You may not see another review for these like this. But, I thought I would share the wealth by sharing the wisdom of that summer's housekeeper. I'm sure there are more than two of us in this world who have not liked sorting socks!