I hope that this review can clear up any confusion about which toilets this seat will fit.  It has nothing to do with round or elongated toilet - I have a round seat, and there is a good 2" of overhang from this trainer seat.  I assume that it will work great with a longer toilet.  The "problem" that people are having it actually with the toilet seat/lid.I was lucky enough to have 2 toilets in my house, each with a different type of seat.  I compared them both and took pictures, so you can check your toilet seat before ordering to see if it will be a good fit.So first - the dud.  This trainer seat will not work if your toilet seat is "low profile".  These seats are very thin, are probably plastic, and the hinge is either one piece with the seat/lid or attaches with screws, but there is no clearance.  The issue is that the hinge on the trainer is about 1.5" tall, but the toilet seat hinge is shorter than that, causing the seats to run into each other.  See my photos for more details.  On this seat, you have to tug the trainer seat up into position to make it stand up out of the way for normal adult use.  Also, the lid cannot be closed (it hits the trainer hinge) and the seat cannot be raised all the way (it hits the hings - very problematic for the Daddies...)  This trainer seat CAN be installed on this type of toilet seat, and it will work for the toddler, but the adults in the house will have trouble using this seat easily.Now onto the seat that works.  The seat has a long hinge between the seat/lid and the toilet back.  Again, see photos.  When you install the trainer seat make sure to LINE UP THE TRAINER HINGE WITH THE TOILET HINGE.  This ensures  that all the seats can raise and lower without problem.  Everything works as it should, all the seats stay up in place without falling, and it's all pretty much as nice as it sounds in the advertising!My only problem with this seat is how small the opening is.  It is completely round, and even my thin 18 month old baby comes nearly to the front of the opening when she sits on it, and occasionally sprays the seat/floor if her pelvis is not pointed down.  But, the up-side of having an attached ring (as opposed to the removable seat) far outweighs the occasional mess in my mind, and my 3yo (who knows what she's doing) quickly learned how to sit to stay dry.  Although, if you had a little boy, I seriously doubt that he would fit inside.  The little blue shield in the front is made of a flexible rubbery material, so it's soft on their parts as they climb on and off.I kept this potty ring, and just swapped my toilet seats, so that the "good" seat is in their bathroom.  I hope this review helps you determine if this seat is right for you and your toddler!  Happy potty training!