I was looking for a convertible car seat to replace the infant carrier/carseat for my now 10-month-old son.  I was worried that I wouldnt be able to comfortably fit a seat in my 2005 Honda Civic Sedan, and even more worried buying something online that would be more of a headache to return if it didnt fit.  Hopefully my review will help someone else decide whether or not to get this seat. These were my concerns:SAFETY: Having done alot of research as well as actually having seen both a Marathon 70 and a Boulevard 70, the specs are the same, except the Boulevard 70 has the added side cushioning pad around the head (they call it True Side Impact). I put my son in the seat, and having that extra padding means that his little head wont move sideways as much if we get hit in a side impact collision. Of course all carseats on the market must meet the minimum Federal safety standards for car seats, so this extra padding feature is what sold me on the Boulevard (the Advocate also has this plus an additional padding around the side exterior head area but is more $$).VEHICLE FIT: I am currently using the seat REAR FACING, and it DOES fit in the back seat of my civic sedan. I first positioned directly behind driver seat, which was not good, as I had to push the seat so far I didnt feel comfortable driving (I am about 5'5"), but sliding the seat over toward the middle allowed me to move my seat back to its normal position (I like to have the seat reclined alittle).  This works fine for me, as there is still enough room for my 8 year old son to sit.  A larger person sitting back there may not be as comfortable though.INSTALLATION: Compared to other seats Ive used/installed, this one seemed relatively easy to get a tight fit, with very minimal movement (I got it to less that 1/2" movement at the base on my first try). I installed the seat using the lower LATCH connectors, which clicked into the car's LATCH anchors very easy, and clicks like a seatbelt. It was easy to tighten the belt, but NOT so easy trying to loosen it. I did not try using the seatbelt method.  At the bottom of the drivers seat (where the seat is bolted to the floor), I popped off the plastic piece to attach the tether.  I did put a rolled towel at the crack of the seat to help level it, which is acceptable per the instructions I believe.EASE OF USE: My back seat is small, so I have to hold my son in a lying position and twist my body a bit to get him in the seat.  Uncomfortable for now, but it will be easier when he can hop into the seat by himself in a few months.The quick adjust feature means that I wont have to remove the seat and re-thread the harness straps when my son gets taller (which is a pain to do, and I dont have to worry about it getting all twisted or not securing it correctly). The rubber "HUGS" things attached to the harness is supposed to provide additional torso support in a frontal or rear crash, but I think it also helps keep the straps from getting all twisted. Britax touts having these little velcro pieces on the side of the carseat and on the harness that is supposed to help you by keeping the harness from falling back into the seat (which is a pain trying to pull out from under the baby), but it doesnt help much - the velcro seems too short or positioned in the wrong place or something.COST: I got my first seat from Amazon for $229.00 with free shipping. The second seat for my husbands vehicle from Amazon for $244.95 also with free shipping. Locally the same seat costs over $300 plus tax.  My local Sears is selling the Safety 1st Alpha Omega Elite for about $180, and Walmart is selling the Graco My Ride 65 for about $150. For me, the extra safety and convenience features Im getting with the Boulevard 70 are worth the extra cost.ARRIVAL: The seat arrived via UPS fairly quickly (it took 4 days from Pennsylvania to Hawaii with free super saver shipping), with no damage to the box or the contents.I hope that my review may help somebody out there in some way. We all have our own reasons we choose one thing over another, but for me, I am so pleased with this seat that I just purchased a second Boulevard 70 for my husbands vehicle.  Sorry I didnt think to take any pictures. Ive seen people putting their pics on here, so if I can figure out how, I will add some.