I own the Prince Lionheart wipes warmer and I love how these pads keep my baby wipes warm and moist, perfect for when I need to change my little one's diaper.  Cold wipes seem to upset my baby, but the warm ones don't get as much fussing, especially at night.  Plus it makes for quicker spot cleaning on my baby's face or to get a stray booger, as cold wipes seem to offend more there as well.  My only dislike of the product is you do have to be on top of weekly rinsing and rewetting, otherwise it gets dry and sticks to the warmer causing brown spots (even adding a little extra water will not prevent brown spotting - but the extra water will create soggy wipes.  be careful not to add too much water).  when the pad sticks to the warmer, you do have to clean the bottom of the warmer to ensure it doesn't get buildup.  The warmer bottom is very quick to clean, and I use a washcloth with water, no soap (a paper towel with water works great too).  To help with the browning, I bought the little plastic protective case that goes with these specific wipes.  Once I give the protective case a few weeks of use I will do a product review for that item as well.Recommendations for using the pads: Rinse the pad each time you replace wipes in the warmer, even if it is before the weekly recommendation per manufacturer.  It helps keep the newer wipes warm and moist without worrying if you met the weekly requirement or not, plus doesn't allow for mix of fragrances if you use a different brand of wipes at change out.  I use unscented wipes myself, but some people may prefer to use scented and different kinds of wipes.  I could see the scents being an issue for this product.  The replacement of the entire pad per manufacturer is every two months.  I've gone to three months before replacing with no issues, but I was vigilant about rinsing the pad weekly and with putting in new wipes, so I didn't have a problem with it.  I never went beyond three months though because of how brown the pad would get near the end.  I'm hoping the protective case I bought helps with this issue of browning.  To get the brown color out or reduced, simply rub the pad against itself gently under warm running water.  It helped a bunch to minimize browning overall.  I never used soap or detergent on the pad- only water.  It worked fine with these simple steps.  Hope this helps.