This soother is worth it's weight in gold!!! It has been one of the only things to calm my son at bedtime, it has worked SO well that my son is almost 3 now and had this since he was born and he still uses it every single night! In fact it is so routine now that he knows when the lights go out and soother goes on its quiet time and he just relaxes and falls asleep, we don't even fight bedtime with our son. We also use it at nap time and even with a room full of sunlight it still shows the image a little bit, but it's not the sweet soft pictures on the ceiling, but the sounds and music is so incredibly peaceful and natural sounding, that even I have fallen asleep to it and I have gotten so used to rocking my son to sleep with it on that it always calms me...I like to go in his room at night and lay down in bed next to him with the soother on and just unwind. He no longer is in his crib bit we just attached it to his toddler bed now. It only has 2 slides, but as a baby soother u don't need anything more, just the rotation between the two is relaxing enough to stare at,and drift off too, almost like it's hypnotizing. Another great feature is that it pops out of the holder attached to the crib and now u can go anywhere with it, it has been used in our bedroom, the pack and play, meme and paps house, hotel rooms, even the car! You play just the soft musical sounds with no light, you can have just the projection without the sounds and it has to sound levels, neither are too loud. It also has a bottom for a very soft nightlight. This has been wonderful for new parents going to check on their little one without disturbing them as they sleep. It provides just enough soft glow to light up the whole crib to see your baby but it's dim enough to not wake them. I have used this soother for almost 3 years and only needed to replace the batteries once and like I said we use it every single evening and even at night times too! I would buy the product 10x over if I needed to. One of my best baby investments was this cute little soother lol