Waterproof liners are a necessity for any new parent! As a novice diaper changer, you quickly learn when you arrive home from the hospital that no matter how careful you are, babies can be messy to change. Diaper changing seems a simple task but when the baby is wiggling around and peeing/pooping while you are trying to remove and add a diaper, it's a whole different ballgame. The instructions suggest that the 3-pack is designed for: one to use, one to wash, and one for the diaper bag. Well that's cute and all, but we dirtied all 3 within the first 24 hours and as much as I don't mind doing some extra laundry, 3 times a day is a bit much for a new parent. Your changing pad will probably have a nice soft, patterned cover which is washable, but you don't want to change this every time there is a mess. And the changing pad itself (at least mine) is only water-resistant, and wipeable which means if there is a mess I would need to wipe it right away, and even then since you're dealing with poop, it was important to me to be able to clean in a washing machine. That's why these are so great...PROS:What I like about the pads is that they are cheap, lightweight, and waterproof. They will protect the changing pad from getting dirty even if your baby enjoys peeing everywhere when you change them. We got 2 packs so we don't have to worry about being careful not to get anything dirty while changing. If one gets messed, just pick up that one, toss in the hamper and grab a new one. They are a good size such that they cover the space you're working in, but easily transfer between different changing stations. They are machine washable in cold water but NEVER put them in the dryer or the back will melt and stick together. I just hang them and they air dry really quickly, within a few hours inside (probably even faster if they were outside hanging in the sun).CONS:I do wish you could wash these in hot water. The first time we got poop on one of them I threw it in a load on hot water, because I wanted to disinfect. Ever since the backs sort of stick together and I have to pull them apart and flatten them out again. They are still fine to use and do the job but I've definitely learned my lesson and will follow instructions in the future. They aren't the softest material in the world, but I imagine this is the tradeoff for being cheap. That said, my baby is always clothed, with arms and legs moving up in the air when being changed, so the skin isn't touching the pad very much, and you can always adjust the position so that the head is on the changing pad cover and not on this liner.