My baby girl was born prematurely, and since we have to add extra calories to her food, I started as an exclusively-pumping mom. (Not my idea, but stuff happens.) This pump works with the same accessories the hospital gave me for use with the Medela Symphony we rented for the first few months and is pretty reliable so far. It's not quite as quiet or fine-touch adjustable as the rented Symphony (which I'd prefer for all but travel, except our insurance refuses to cover rentals and still hasn't reimbursed us for this one, the verbing sons of nouns,) but one wouldn't really expect a few-hundred-dollar pump to be the same as a few-THOUSAND-dollar one, and it's very close. If the Medela Symphony is a fancy Acura, this is a Honda Civic, quality-wise, and this set with accessories makes it the fully-loaded LE or Sport model with all the trimmings.Like a Honda Civic, this pump is made even nicer with some aftermarket accessories. I ordered the Pumpin' Pal flanges for a change-of-scene, boobie-wise, and rotating between them and the ones it came with gives good results and sorted out blockages nicely while our little one was still in the NICU, so those are a good thing to get. It cleans up well, the little battery-pack add-on gives me instant portability and I strongly recommend the 12v car adapter; it's worth every penny and more. I've also had better luck with the Lansinoh breast milk storage bags than the Medela ones; the hang-from-pump feature is great, but the bags are brittle, small and can leak, plus a little poke with an office holepunch in the right spot and the Lansinohs work great with the Medela's hangy-adapter thing. So that's fun.However, this pump does possess one glorious little unintended feature. It makes more noise than the Symphony model, sure, but said noise also sounds a lot like the equipment the NICU has. When I use this pump, it actually soothes my baby girl to sleep! I was so impressed with that, an unintended consequence to be sure, but a nice consolation for a mom who'd been looking forward to breastfeeding and was forced to exclusive-pump. She's home and happy now, just grew into newborn-size clothes, and even if having to pump does make things hard sometimes, this pump really does make it easier.