I usually won't buy a product online unless it gets 5 stars, or 4 stars and I've thoroughly assessed the bad reviews, so buying this product was really going out on a limb for me, as it receives only 3. Granted, there aren't a lot of reviews yet (20, I believe). But, this product looked like it was EXACTLY what I have been looking for. Sort of a cross between the window clings (Which aren't easy to remove and store when not needed) and the pull-down shades (Which are dangerous projectiles, and don't even cover the whole window).As soon as I got it, I went and "installed" it in our car. I didn't wash the windows or breath any hot air on the suction cups. I just stuck them on, and followed the instructions to twist the corner pieces. They stuck immediately, and even while trying to tug one off, forgetting that I had to untwist it first, it didn't pop off. So far, so good! I don't have the perfect square window, as pictured in the product photo, and I still did not have a problem. There is a bit of a pucker, which I didn't even think about until I read a review complaining of this. Honestly, it doesn't bother me. My ONLY concern is that my daughter needs to be protected from the sunlight, since we are in San Diego, and it's sunny year round (82* today, and it's the middle of December). This product does that! There are no gaps, which I have experience with our back window shade. I am considering buying 3 more of these. One for the other back window, and two more to replace the one in the back window. This product is THAT good.And, to top it all off, it's fairly safe! Unlike the pull-down window shades that are heavy enough that they could easily pop off in an accident and smack someone in the face, This is very light weight, and even the "large" corner pieces are fairly light plastic, and considering there are 9 suction cups in all, 4 of which are reinforced by the "twist-lock", I'm not worried about this flying off and hitting my daughter in the face.My only worry is that the tension may cause it to tear after prolonged use, but only time will tell. The holes which each suction cup are placed in are reinforced, so I'm not too worried, but since I have a not-rectangular shaped window, it does pull a little, and it concerns me a little. Even if it breaks 6 months from now, I will be VERY happy with my purchase and will replace it with another. I will be recommending these to everyone I know, and will be on my list of things to buy for baby showers :)