This thing is awesome. What a great idea! My three-year-old is 40 inches tall and 35 pounds so he's about ready to start riding a bike himself. But a tiny bike with training wheels isn't going to cut it on trips along the Mount Vernon Trail. This is perfect.  Now our family can all go bicycling together! I am 5'11" and can see over his head just fine I do have to spread my knees a little which is slightly awkward but that's the price you pay to bring the little guy along. I use clipless pedals (which, ironically means my shoes are clipped in like skis bindings), so though I lose a little power with my slightly bow-legged down stroke, my up stroke is uninhibited.  It's a very high-quality American-made product, which was a huge surprise.  I'm currently using it on my Cannondale Jekyl full-suspension mountain bike.  The extra 40 pounds on the bike definitely makes a difference in the way it rides, such as the suspension flexing, but fortunately mine has a lockout on the shock.I think this would be best suited for a hard-tail, but will work on a very wide range of frame types.  On bikes with front suspension, there should be plenty of clearance between your child's makimum reach and the front wheel of death.  See my photo.  If your kid can get his feet in the spokes, either it's time for him to pedal his own bike, or your bike isn't well-suited for this device.  As you can see, I could even raise it a few inches higher, but the less seatpost you expose, the less adjustability you'll have. If you have a road bike or commuter with the tire just an inch below the down tube, and the seatpost barely above the top tube, this might not be your best option.Regarding the claims this device is unsafe: you can't even design a mechanical pencil without someone poking their eye and blaming the instrument.  It's a wonder any new innovation ever makes it to the market.  If you're tiny, uncoordinated, or just not that bright, this isn't for you.  If you are an experienced cyclist, tall enough to see over your child, capable of assessing hazards in risky activities (like biking), and desire some adventure with your child, you'll love it!I wouldn't change a thing.