I bought the Boon FrogPod with bath toys three months ago and have loved using it for our 10-month-old's bath every single day. I opted for this one instead of the Boon Frog Pod alone because the $10 difference seemed worth it for bath toys, and I don't regret the choice. I really liked the look of the red-and-black Boon Bug Pod, but couldn't find one with bath toys, so a green frog it was! I followed the instructions perfectly for mounting via the adhesive strips: wipe with the included alcohol pad, mount the small rectangle part and waited a full twenty-four hours before attaching the frog part. It's still up and feels pretty secure.The included bath toys are really fun. I'd thought I'd want less abstract shapes, but the uniqueness of them is actually part of the fun. They stick to our bathtub sides and tile shower walls when wet, and the baby and I play games where I race to stick them to walls as she pulls them down. They're fun to stack on each other and float around the tub. The baby also enjoys chewing on them while teething, which is something I only allow occasionally. (They're listed as non-toxic, but I could probably tear off a chunk with my teeth if I was trying, so I'm not about to leave these around as teething toys, but a little harmless gnawing during cranky hour in the bath can be a sanity-saver.)The little ledge on top is perfect for holding a small bottle of baby wash (as well as my shampoo & conditioner out of her bathtime reach), and the frog toes hold the baby's washcloths. :-) When her bath is done, I use the scoop to gather up most of the toys and put it back in the holder. Since it's mounted right over the foot of the bathtub, the toys drip-dry easily. I haven't noticed any mildew or mold on them, but I guess it wouldn't hurt to give them a good scrub and a rinse in disinfecting solution, if they ever do.UPDATE: I must have jinxed myself because it came down a few days after reviewing it. :-) I've ordered some 3M Command Water-Resistant Strips and will be putting it back up again.UPDATE, 1 year later: Yes! The 3M Command Water-Resistant Strips are still holding firm. :-)