My wife wanted me to post the following about her experience with the Ameda Purely Yours Ultra Breast Pump:I have used this pump for 5 1/2 months. I exclusively pump which means on average, I've pumped 6 - 9 times per day for at least 30 minutes each time. I'm currently pumping 20oz - 23oz total per day. I've used both the 25mm flange and the Flexishield. Both are equally comfortable and worked well for me. (My supply is low because I got a poor start pumping - it doesn't reflect the effectiveness of the pump.)I've been very happy with this pump. It's compact, all the parts have held up well (including the valves - I've read that people have had problems with them breaking in short periods of time, but I haven't. I'm still using the originals that came with the pump), and it's easy to clean (I just rinse off the parts with cool water after pumping, and once a week I wash the flanges with hot soapy water, then put all the parts through the sanitizing cycle of my dishwasher - without detergent). It's easy to get set up and put together. One person mentioned that she had to fiddle with the white caps to get the suction to be right, but I've never had that issue.I've used the car power supply adapter several times and it works great. On batteries, my first pump worked just the same as it did on AC power. My second pump (see below) sometimes sounds weird during a cycle. It works, but the weird sound makes me nervous, so I avoid using it on battery power.The sound the pump makes isn't an issue for me. Sure, I wish it were quieter and didn't sound like the Aflac duck, but it's not a big deal. You can always put a pillow or blanket on top of it to deaden the noise if it bothers you that much.The one problem I did have was that after 4 months of using the pump, I noticed the suction was diminishing and I kept having to turn the suction dial up higher to maintain the same level of suction I had been getting. I started hand expressing after each session and got 1 - 2oz more each time, obviously indicating that the pump wasn't being totally effective. Unfortunately, I didn't call Ameda at that point. Instead, I waited until my pump lost suction completely...on a Friday afternoon at 4:30...mountain time. I called customer service right away, but since Ameda is on eastern time and they're closed on the weekends, I couldn't get a hold of them until Monday. When I did, customer service was great. They took me through a troubleshooting list, determined that something was wrong with the motor, and overnighted me a new pump (pump unit only). Over the weekend I had to use the manual pump that came with the Purely Yours Ultra. It was easy to use (yes, my hands got fatigued, but that's to be expected), and it did such a good job that I think it was a factor in my supply increasing.During the three weeks that I've used it, the new pump seems to be working well (aside from the battery power issue mentioned above). I've tried hand expressing a few times after my pumping sessions, but I get very little which indicates this pump is doing a good job.I'm really glad I bought the "Ultra" version. The Ultra comes with a car adapter (which I've used several times), a manual pump (which was invaluable as mentioned above), a little cooler to keep the pumped milk in (which I've also used), a small canvas drawstring bag (to store the adapter, manual pump, batteries, etc) and a tote bag to carry it all in. The only complaint I have is that I wish the tote bag were a little bigger - it's big enough for all the parts, but once I put in my pumping bra, big t-shirt to go over the bra while pumping, and water bottle, I can't zip it closed. Small complaint, however - not a deal breaker.UPDATE 10-24-2015: I finished using the replacement pump in May 2014, and then started using it again in January 2015 when I had my second child. The pump worked great for one month, then started to lose its suction (it had worked for a total of 10 1/2 months). I called Ameda to see if they could do anything about replacing it, but because it had been over a year since I received it (July 2013), they couldn't. So I bought a new pump. I discovered the AC adapter that came with it didn't work, but not a problem - I called customer service and they mailed a replacement to me right away. This new pump worked great for 8 1/2 months, but then it started to have an issue where it lost the middle settings on the suction dial - so it had either a really short suction cycle or a really long one. And then on the really long cycle, it skipped randomly every now and then. I called Ameda and the person I talked to was super nice - very down-to-earth and personable. After listening carefully to my description of the issue, she said they'd mail me a replacement right away. I received it exactly 24 hours later! Apparently, these pumps have a short life-cycle if you use them as often as I do, but I still give it five stars because when it works, it works great and the customer service is fantastic. One thing to note - the rep asked if the pump had been dropped. I said it had at least once - a couple feet from the top of an end table to a carpeted floor. She said that may have caused the issue, but not to worry, that they'd replace my pump anyway.One other thing to note - Ameda has a helpful guide on pumping on their website which I found after I had my first child. It says to start pumping within 6 hours of your child's birth. So I did that with my second child and ended up averaging 63 ounces a day pumping six times a day for 35 minutes for each session. Hope this helps!