I bought this stroller in May 2011 after extensive research. I wanted an umbrella stroller that was able to recline more than just a little so I could use it for a three month old. It had to have the bigger wheels because I feel they maneuver much better. But, I did not want to pay a lot. Nothing seemed to fit all my criteria. I had a Delta 15 years ago that I LOVED so I went looking to see what they had available now.I got the blue one when it was available. It is terrific.  People ask me about it all the time.  It reclines almost all the way flat.  This is a little tricky as the recline works with a belt that you have to pull tighter and loosen to adjust. Can be a little hard on the thumb until you get used to it.I love the way it buckles the baby in securely.  It comes over the shoulders and across the waist to buckle into a piece that comes between the baby's legs. Both buckles buckle in securely and it is very easy to do. The five point belts were another must for me. There are pads on the straps at the shoulders, too.This stroller does not have the red piece, as shown in the picture, to close it.  It has another piece of plastic that goes over a piece on the other side. Hard to explain, but it works really well.  You just close the stroller and it attaches, no need to reach over and put the red piece over the button like shown in the picture.  I can close the stroller while holding the baby then pick it up with the handle and place it in my van.  Closing takes a second to figure out.  You have to pull the handle, in the middle of the back, up and you are supposed to step on another piece that is on the side of that area.  Personally, I think it works better to also pull up on the bar attached to that little piece.  I usually just put my foot in there and pull it up.  Take a look at what it wants you to do and you should be able to figure it out.  It's really not difficult.One thing I would have done differently with this stroller is to have put the cup holder on the other side.  It is placed on the opposite side from the handle which means I usually set the stroller on top of it.  It does come off though so not a big deal and you can set the stroller other ways, too. I just seem to set it that way.The area to hold things underneath is nice and big, although it is a little hard to get to if you do have the stroller all the way reclined.  There is also a pocket on the back of the sunbonnet which is nice for things like your keys, money, a diaper and wipes, etc.  The sunbonnet comes off easily, too.I did have a problem with my first stroller.  After a few months the fabric started to fray in one area near a seam.  I am a seamstress and know that this can often happen to items no matter how well they are made.  Before taking it apart and playing with it, I decided to try emailing Delta.  They responded within a few hours, asking for pictures of the problem. I emailed them the pictures and they said they were sending me a brand new stroller.  It arrived about a week later.  Now I know I really love this company and will be sure to purchase more of their products in the future!This is an awesome stroller with a great price.