Love, love, LOVE the Lunette menstrual cup.  I tried two other brands before this and they just didn't work for me.  Also love the Lunette Feel Better Wash that came with the cup.What I love so much about the Lunette:- Smooth interior makes it very easy to clean.  This was my chief complaint about one of the other menstrual cups I tried.  (I'm looking at you, DivaCup.  Outside the fact that you were too long for me and uncomfortable of course.  But I digress.)- Very good capacity for its size at .85 ml (or about 3/4 oz.)  I have a light-moderate flow, and on my heavy days I can keep it in for over eight hours before I have to empty it... and even then it's only about 3/4 of the way full.- The flat tab stem is awesome.  I don't even notice it.- I've had a few leaks but that was due to me still learning how to use the cup.  I seem to have it mastered.- It's great that I don't have to go through the hassle of boiling water to sterilize the Lunette - the company recommends, as an alternative, wiping the outside with isopropyl alcohol.  Which is much easier and faster.  It only takes about a minute for the alcohol to evaporate.  So no waiting around for several hours until the cup air dries.- The purple "Cynthia" color is quite pretty.  Better than I was expecting in fact.  :)- I appreciate the extra effort Lunette put into giving their customers a nice storage pouch.  It really is beautiful and well-made.- The box it came in was made of 100% recycled cardboard!  WOOT!!- Like I said, I love the Feel Better Wash.  It rinses clean, has a pleasant scent and has not irritated me at all.- It's so comfortable!- It's environmentally friendly!- It's body safe!- It contains no dyes or perfumes or dioxin or anything else that will give me a rash!- It only needs to be emptied 2-4 times a day for most women!- It will last 5-10 years and save me lots of money during that time!- Best of all, no TSS!  (Okay, I'm done with all the exclamation points now.)Things to keep in mind if you're thinking of purchasing this product:- It often takes a few cycles to get the hang of using a menstrual cup.  So if it doesn't seem to work at first, be patient.  You can google advice on menstrual cups or check Youtube if you need help.- Everyone is different.  We all have different bodies and different personal preferences.  So I recommend doing research about the different menstrual cups out there before you buy anything.Last, for those of you who think reusable menstrual products are "gross."  No, they're not.  Especially not menstrual cups.  I've tried both cups and cloth pads, and cups are by far the cleanest menstrual product I've ever used.  The blood just gets dumped into the toilet and you never really touch it.  The cup is non-porous so any bacteria gets washed off the surface of the cup, not absorbed.  There is no odor.  No irritation.  And a cup can be STERILIZED, killing all germs without mercy.  I wanna see a tampon you can do that to!  But, if you want to stick with disposables... that contain who-knows-what... from who-knows-where... and absorb everything... and fill up landfills... and cause nasty irritation... and eat through your money... then fine.  Just don't expect much sympathy from me.  ;)