Before I begin, here's some background information:My daughter has been using this chair since she was 12 weeks old. She is now almost 16 weeks old. My daughter is tall and thin (size 6-9 months). She has been standing, with support, for about 8 weeks. She isn't able to sit completely unsupported just yet (she is able to support her head on her own), so I do supervise her when she is in this chair. Now for the fun part...I like this chair because:I like knowing that my baby won't be overstimulated when she uses this chair.It did not come with toys, but it does have rings so that you are able to attach your own toys.It folds up for storage (much like a camping chair).It is easy to fold up. You just press a small, silver button located on the bottom of one of the front "legs".It easily goes back into the storage bag.The storage bag has a carry strap.The height of the chair is adjustable. However, I have not tried it yet.The fabric is easy to clean with a wet cloth.Your child stands on a mat, which is attached to the chair. This means that you don't have to worry about your child standing on an unclean surface.The seat is very generous. My daughter will definitely be able to use it for a long time. For now, I fold a baby blanket in half, then half again, and wrap it around my daughter for support (and to keep her from leaning forward and putting her arms in the leg holes).The leg holes are generously sized. For this reason, I always make sure my daughter is wearing long pants when she uses this seat. It keeps the fabric from chafing the skin on her legs.The "tray" has two cup holders (see more on this below).The chair is not heavy at all. I have taken it to friends' houses without any issues carrying it, taking it out of the bag, setting it up, folding it away, and putting it back in the bag.There isn't much to complain about. The only con I've found is that when your child sits in it, the "tray" slants down. This will likely cause anything you put in the cup holders to fall towards your baby.***Update***My daughter is now six months old. She is now 27 inches tall (as of today).I have learned how to fold this chair one-handed, while holding my daughter. Tip it on its side, push the button in, and push down on the chair at the same time. It's so easy!The Hugga-Bebe Infant Support Cushion (Green) works great if your baby has too much wiggle room!I have had to adjust the height a couple of times (instructions in the manual, which is available on the Kidco, Inc. website, are very clear). It is very easy as long as you push the buttons on the insides of the legs COMPLETELY inward before you twist the tops of the legs (lift the cover to see and make it easier). Otherwise, the legs will not go up and it is frustrating.My daughter is starting to try to stand on her own. I believe that it has a lot to do with how often she uses this chair. I also believe that she stands flat-footed (not on the balls of her feet) because of this chair. The only time she stands on the tips of her feet is when she is trying to climb out (which is not even remotely possible). I have uploaded a video to show you.I am still completely happy with my purchase, and plan on buying one for my cousin's baby shower.Update:DD is now 17 months old (90th percentile for her height), and it's finally time to get rid of it. DD is able to tip it over, and the fabric is starting to tear at the tops of the poles. I got way more use out of this than most of my friends got out of their exersaucers. I'm still super happy about buying this, recommend this product to everyone, and have bought one as a gift.