I am a teacher and had been struggling to find a bag that was durable and had enough compartments to act as a good teacher tote. During a forum post, another teacher mentioned that the Skip Hop Forma was her go-to bag and described all the items she could comfortably organize in it. I was sold. Since receiving the bag, I have not been disappointed.1. The bag is extremely lightweight. Which is great because some days I lug around 10 pounds of papers and books.2. The straps are long enough to fit my arm in without having to twist or use my other hand to pull them up. They don't slide around on me, but I do have a lot of weight which anchors it down. The material is a bit silky feeling, but there are rubberized bits on the underside of the very top of each strap.3. Compartments galore. I use the bottle pockets on each side to hold my first-aid kit and pen case. The insulated bottle bag works great as a snack and/or drink holder. If I'm bringing in sandwiches, it's great as a general lunchbox. I use the other mesh bag to hold laptop accessories. My 14 inch fits in this bag just fine (with a sleeve...I don't want to give you the impression that it comes with a padded section). There is some space lost in the middle section when the cubes are used though. My one wish in this regard is that the front of the bag bumped out a bit more so that wasn't the case. The cubes also make the front smaller pocket a tighter fit for items.4. Well-constructed. I've only used it for a couple of months, but there's been no indication that the bag wasn't up to carrying what I needed it to. Despite its light weight, it feels sturdy. Zipper tracks run smoothly.5. The bag is structured enough to stay upright, even if I don't have enough to fill the compartment from side to side. It's actually a surprise to see that it is so free-standing, especially when you consider that there's no bottom board, and the bag is made of a soft cloth. Perhaps the quilting comes into play here and gives it more structure. Though this brings me to my second and final quibble with the design: it has no feet. I really wish the bottom had some metal feet to keep it off the floor a bit, though I can see why it doesn't. With it being cloth and having a lot of give, the feet really wouldn't do a lot, the bag would simply touch around them. But you could add a bit of non-cloth material to the bottom center and attach metal feet in the corners or something. Thankfully it's machine washable.I kept it five star because my complaints were more alternate suggestions. The areas I mentioned don't really take away from the overall function of the bag. And I can honestly say that "I love it." Oh, and no...no one believes it's a diaper bag, and I've received many comments on it.I purchased mine in Peacock.