I have recently purchased this cup and a Think baby straw cup to compare with the Zoli straw cup we already have. This is how they compare:1. OXO tot straw cup Vs2. Think Baby Thinkster straw cup Vs3. Zoli BOT straw cupThe handle/grip:1. No handle; slightly tapered body with 'grip' sides which makes it easy for my 13 months to hold. No handles makes storing much easy.2. A very wide easy grip handles which is a little cumbersome to stuff in my bag luckily they are removable.3. Easy grip handles that are attached to the lid.The straw:1. Wide, straight and open straw makes drinking and cleaning easy. But because it's open, liquid will leak out when the cup is tilted or shaken. Wish it had a slit opening.2. Wide straight and slit opening (the slit was too small which made it hard to drink out of. I had to tear it a little bigger to allow better flow). Easy to clean, won't leak when shaken.3. Very narrow soft, slit open straw with weight at the bottom end which makes drinking possible almost at any angle. But the soft and narrow straw is difficult to clean. The straw cleaner is a very tight fit in Zoli straw and with soap it's so frustrating!!The lid:1. Twist lid easily encloses the straw opening. Once closed there has been no leaks. But my 13 months old cannot open it by himself. =(2. A flip top easily opened by my boy and when closed, no leaks!3. Also a flip top my boy can open easily and when closed properly, no leaks! Unlike the other two you have to be careful when twisting the Zoli cap. You have to make sure the threading is just right otherwise it will leak.-with all three cups the liquid remained in the top of the straw will spill out when the lid is reopened after a use.The sturdiness:1. So far with a few drops and several bangs no damage seen. Good solid cup!2. Just as many bangs and drops with no damage!3. One Zoli split straight across in the middle of the base after a drop from maybe about 3 feet. Another one, after a few bangs on the counter, the bottom edge just broke right off. The cup is intact but the edge is now sharp so recycle it went!So, if you ask me I  would recommend both the OXO straw cup and the Think baby. I mean, there is no perfect straw cup but my kid likes these and they functions well so what more could you ask for.