This mat is the same material as a pool toy, a sort of thick plastic. I love it. It wipes down well and nothing stains it unless you let spaghetti sauce sit on it for a very long time. It is big enough to catch any spills unless your child actually launches food with a good throw (in which case I don't think there is a splat mat that is going to save you completely. My routine is that I lay the mat out on the floor with a Fischer-Price plastic booster chair (with tray) sitting right on it. This works well because a regular high chair (we have the Graco Space Saver) is ridiculously time consuming to clean, plus your child can throw food a further distance.Here is my breakdown:You will be upset if your expectation is:> A smooth, seamless mat that lays flat like a place mat. This thing comes folded and because it's heavy plastic it never completely loses the creases (I suppose it might if you never refolded it like I do). It stays put and flat, it just has stiff creases. I fold it up after each use, and I don't consider it a decorative item.> Something you can throw in the wash machine. You clean this with a damp cloth.> Material that has a stylish look like oil cloth. For some reason I was expecting it to look more like a retro oil cloth material, but it's really exactly like an inflatable pool. The plastic smell it emits right after you open it gone in a couple days; it's definitely not sending out toxic fumes as one reviewer said.You will love it because:> Because it's so thick, you can bend it in half like a taco and pour your kids' food mess into the sink or garbage, then wipe it down with a wet rag. Or it stays put nicely so you can easily wipe it up while it's still on the ground.> Super sturdy. I love to put it outside on our concrete patio so my toddlers can play with water toys on a safe surface. It won't get a hole poked through it.> Won't leak> Won't stain> Cute pattern> Large round size> Folds up easily and fits easily into the outer pocket of a diaper bag (it folds into a nice stiff little rectangle that won't come unfolded on its own).> Great price