I wanted to write a review to comment on some of the other reviews posted here for this product. I bought this item on a whimsy and came home to research it before I washed it to make sure I knew what I was putting on my child's bed. I fell upon these reviews and was really raising my eyebrows to the negative comments on the deceptiveness of this product so I decided to do a little research on my own. Here is what I found out and thought I would pass the info along to others who were wondering the same. First of all, no mattress pad that says "waterproof" is truly 100% organic, because in order to be waterproof you have to use some sort of plastic. It's the kind of plastic used that makes an item more harmful than others, (The only way to get 100% organic water-resistant item is to get a product made with wool and no plastic, but wool is not waterproof, it is just water resistant, so 100% organic waterPROOF does not really exist. However,you will find other brands labeling their products as "organic waterproof mattress pads" as that is just industry standard, so this company is not claiming anything different than what others are claiming). Also, this particular product does state on the front which layers are actually organic, and it states what plastic they are using in this product as their means of waterproof protection, so they are not trying to keep anything from you. They are more forthcoming that other brands I found that do not disclaim what plastic is used as the waterproof protection. The plastic used in this item is polyurethane, which apparently they say is more safe that vinyl, vinyl is the plastic with the bad reputation as far as I could tell because it emits VOC's. However, there is a third plastic used called polyethelene and it is supposedly considered to be the safest plastic to use, as it is what is used in the food industry for food packaging, etc, but I really couldn't find a solid claim on which plastic is the safest overall, it seems to still be up for debate. The one thing I kept finding was that Greenguard Certified was a big indicator that an item is as organic and safe as it can be, so that is something to look for when searching for organic products.  As for this item it's definitely a step above some of the others that were not making any claims of having any organic material, and it cost about the same price too, so I think this is a good option if you are not looking to shell out big bucks and you don't mind the polyurethane. The one organic waterproof mattress pad that I found that is Greenguard Certified and uses polyethylene is the Naturepedic Organic Mattress Pad, but it runs $59, so it's a big jump in price.  Based off of what I read, I think this product is a good middle ground if you can't afford something like the Naturepedic.  I just wanted to shed some light on this company and product that they are not being deceptive in terms of industry standard and the organic materials used are actually organic. I did open this item up and it is nice and cushiony and the fitted flaps seemed nice and flat and well-made Other than that I cannot attest to how this product actually works. Hope that helps someone make some informed decisions because I was really confused initially. Good Luck!