After trying everything we could think of to help our son sleep (swaddling with sheets, then with wraps/sleep sacks, then with velcro pods), we were so happy to discover a sleep pod.  We actually used the Summer Swaddlepod first in the infant size, since it was cheaper and we wanted to give it a try before buying the more expensive Woombie.Well, we were thrilled.  It was so much easier to zip our infant son into this pouch rather than try to figure out if we swaddled him correctly, if it was too loose or tight, or if he could bust out of the wrap or velcro.  The Summer brand was nice and soft, and had a button close at the top that was convenient.But as our son outgrew the swaddlepod, we got the woombie (Big Baby size, 3-6 months) to accommodate his larger size.  We started him off in it at 12 lbs and about 10 weeks (even though it said 13 lbs, but length-wise he wasn't fitting the Summer one anymore).  It fit great to start... maybe was slightly loose around the arms, but we knew he'd grow into it soon.  There was plenty of length space at the bottom, but stretchy material keeps him snuggled at the top just fine even with the extra bottom inches.I have to say, the Woombie material is superior to the Summer material (which was also good).  Woombie was a little thicker, a little softer, and feels more sturdy.  The same double zipper (from top and from bottom, for diaper changes) makes getting him in and out easy.  The opening at the top is a tad small, but our son stretches it out after every wash with putting his hands up.  He can put a hand through, and even hold it over his face for a moment, but it doesn't present any kind of smothering problem.  It gives him just enough snuggle to keep his hand movements (still active at 3 months!) from waking him up, but he's still able to move his arms around to comfortable position (impossible with the traditional arms-to-the-side swaddle) and stretch out his legs.My only complaint about the product is the Velcro closure at the top.  We haven't experienced it coming open on it's own, but if it did the Velcro could scratch the baby's face.  If Woombie does a re-design, I'd encourage them to use a button-snap closure too.  Other than that, it's a great product and we will happily continue using it.